@asifliveSo many people spend their health gaining wealth, and then have to spend their wealth to regain their health.  -  A. J. Reb Materi“Advertising is legalized lying.H.G. WellsSuccess is my only option."Arise! Awake! And stop not till the goal is reached" -"The way to develop self-confidence is to do the thing you fear and get a record of successful experiences behind you." - William Jennings"Think big, think fast, think ahead. Ideas are no one's monopoly."When deeds speak, words are nothing.Today is the only day. Yesterday is gone.You must do the things you think you cannot do.Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world.Change your thoughts and you change your world.
 Ibrahim shah IbrahimI can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. 
- EdisonOpportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
- EdisonGreat talker,Great liar.If man 👨 fools me once ,shame on him.if he fools me twice,shame on me..If man 👨 fools me once ,shame on him.if he fools me twice,shame on me.The wise person has long ears,and a short tongue 👅.Shame is worse than death 💀 .Blue eyes 👀 say,love me or I die;Black eyes 👀 say,love me or I kill thee."If you work with determination and with perfection, success will follow." -"It is confidence in our bodies, minds and spirits that allows us to keep looking for new adventures." - Oprah"Don't give up, courage is my conviction.""Shyness has a strange element of narcissism, a belief that how we look, how we perform, is truly important to other people." - AndréA politician will do anything to keep his job - even become a patriot.Suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were a member of Congress; but I repeat myself.“Now I've gone for too longLiving like I'm not aliveSo I'm going to start over tonightBeginning with you and IHayley WilliamsWrite it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.Don't you get it? This very second you could be doing something you love and dream about doing. So do it! NOW!"If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves." - Thomas Alva EdisonIf you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman."If you work with determination and with perfection, success will follow.""None of you [truly] believes until he loves for his brother that which he loves for himself.
" - Al-Bukhari and Muslim.A man who views the world the same at fifty as he did at twenty has wasted thirty years of his life."The essential part of creativity is not being afraid to fail." - Edwin H. LandThere is joy in work. There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something.Management is nothing more than motivating other people.I put my heart and my soul into my work, and have lost my mind in the process.The best preparation for good work tomorrow is to do good work today.Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another. .When I'm alone, I can sleep crossways in bed without an argument.I finally faced the fact that it isn't a crime not having friends. Being alone means you have fewer problems..I finally faced the fact that it isn't a crime not having friends. Being alone means you have fewer problems.It is better to be alone than in bad company..It is better to be alone than in bad company.I have so many different personalities in me and I still feel lonely.Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much.Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.If you want to win, go and meet those who lost.Predetermine the objectives that you want to accomplish. Think big, act big, and set out to accomplish big results!I am a great believer in luck, and I find that the harder I work the more luck I have.Innovate, develop, motivate, inspire, trust - be a leader.The day I stop giving is the day I stop receiving. The day I stop learning is the day I stop growing.Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals.To be a leader, you must stand for something, or you will fall for anything.Life is too short to worry about anything. You had better enjoy it because the next day promises nothing.There can be no failure to a man who has not lost his courage, his character, his self respect, or his self-confidence. He is still a King.It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure. 
- Bill GatesThere is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way. 
- Christopher MorleyHe has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much. 
- Elbert HubbardHowever things may seem, no evil thing is success and no good thing is failure. 
- Henry Wadsworth LongfellowI've had a good life. Enough happiness, enough success. 
Ibrahim shah IbrahimSuccess is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success. 
- Joyce BrothersI love performing, but I never really liked show business. My success is my family. I want to be more successful as a mother. 
- Celine DioA constant struggle, a ceaseless battle to bring success from inhospitable surroundings, is the price of all great achievements.Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final. 
- Roger BabsonEducation is the only billion dollar industry that tolerates abject failure. 
- Geoffrey CanadaUltimately there is no such thing as failure. There are lessons learned in different ways. 
- Twyla TharpMost great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure. 
- Napoleon HillSuccess is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence. 
- Colin PowellWhen deeds speak, words are nothing. 
- Pierre-Joseph ProudhonEnjoy failure and learn from it. You can never learn from success. 
- James DysonI don't like dreams or reality. I like when dreams become reality because that is my life. 
- Ibrahim shah IbrahimWisdom is the supreme part of happiness. 
- SophoclesIf a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade. 
- Tom Peters"Think big, think fast, think ahead. Ideas are no one's monopoly."Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all."We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us." - A. P. J. Abdul KalamLife is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor.. “Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people.” - Eleanor Roosevelt”I think and think for months and years. Ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right.” - Albert Einstein. ”The quickest way to double your money is to fold it over and put it back in your pocket.” - Will Rogers"The essential part of creativity is not being afraid to fail." - Edwin H. Land"It is confidence in our bodies, minds and spirits that allows us to keep looking for new adventures." - OprahTo accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.Leadership is a way of thinking, a way of acting and, most importantly, a way of communicating. 
- Simon""Hold to forgiveness; command what is right; But turn away from the ignorant. "" - Quran 7:199If you believe in yourself, things are possible.Do not give up, the beginning is always the hardest.The size of your problems is nothing compared with your ability to solve them. Don’t overestimate your problems and underestimate yourself.The best revenge is to be successful. It’s to stay strong and move forward in life; never stopping, never giving up, never take a step back.You never fail until you stop trying."“And if there comes to you from Satan an evil suggestion, then seek refuge in Allah. Indeed, He is the Hearing, the Knowing.”" - Quran,Girls are funny creatures.They hate it when you ask their age but will kill you if you forget their birthday!!!Hmmmm…..Don’t copy my status....Ibrahim shah IbrahimRead books instead of reading my status!.Ibrahim shah IbrahimI hate math but I love counting money.Ibrahim shah IbrahimI’m not failed…my success is just postponed for some time.Ibrahim shah IbrahimIf I could be anything in the world I would want to be a teardrop because I would be born in ur eyes,live on ur cheeks, and die on your lipsI'm nobody's second option. better you either CHOOSE me, or you lose me... Ibrahim shah IbrahimI never prove to be good enoughFor every one...!ButI'm the best for them who understand me..:)Ibrahim shah IbrahimThere is no market for YOUR EMOTIONS, so never advertise your FEELINGS just display YOUR ATTITUDE.,.Ibrahim shah IbrahimI Don't Care About Popularity. I Live In Reality. Based On Originality. Forget Looks. I Respect Personality.Ibrahim shah IbrahimTwo fundamentals of cool life – Walk like you are the king OR walk like you don’t care ,who is the king.Ibrahim shah IbrahimMe…..myself…and I..!!  Ibrahim shah IbrahimPeople say me bad…..trust me i am the worst.Ibrahim shah IbrahimI don't insult people , I just describe them""Ibrahim shah IbrahimI have a new theory in life...what other people think of me is truly none of my business!...Ibrahim shah IbrahimI don’t have time to hate people,who hate me.because, I’m too busy in loving people who love me.Ibrahim shahI don’t have time to hate people,who hate me.because, I’m too busy in loving people who love me.Ibrahim shah IbrahimSmile in front of people who hate you… Ur happiness kills them.   Ibrahim shah Ibrahim"My attitude depends on the people in front of me....""   Ibrahim shah IbrahimStop checking my status ! Go Get A Life :P Ibrahim shah IbrahimDream is not that you see in the sleep; dream is that does not allow you to sleep.  Ibrahim shah IbrahimMan knows so much and does so little.    Ibrahim shah IbrahimFailure is an event not a person.     Ibrahim shah IbrahimFailure is the foundation of success, and the means by which it is achieved.   Ibrahim shah IbrahimFailure is simply an opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.    Ibrahim shah Ibrahim"An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea. Ibrahim Shah Ibrahim"“Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.”" - RumiWholeness is not achieved by cutting off a portion of one’s being, but by integration of the contraries.  C.G. JungDon’t need to explain myself, I know I’m right.Ibrahim Shah IbrahimMy Attitude is my born gift and nobody take from me. Ibrahim Shah IbrahimI don't insult people , I just describe them   Ibrahim Shah IbrahimI wish I could record my dreams and watch them later... Ibrahim Shah IbrahimI have a new theory in life...what other people think of me is truly none of my business!Ibrahim Shah IbrahimI don’t have time to hate people,who hate me.because, I’m too busy in loving people who love me. Ibrahim ShahI don’t have time to hate people,who hate me.because, I’m too busy in loving people who love me. Ibrahim Shah Ibrahimmy attitude My personality is who I am and my attitude depends on who you are!"Ibrahim Shah IbrahimStop checking my status ! Go Get A Life :P Ibrahim Shah IbrahimEighty percent of success is showing up. –Woody AllenLife is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. –Charles SwindollDon’t broadcast every high and low of your life. Just live. Don’t try to convince the world you have a lifeCheaters think everyone cheats. Liars think everyone lies. Keep this in mind  Ibrahim Shah IbrahimWhen Sum One Hates You for no reason.................Give them a reason :P :DWhen Sum One Hates You for no reason.................Give them a reason :P :D _!_Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. –Napoleon HillDon't base your venture on a plan. Instead, base it on a strategic foundation. The plan is fluid, the foundation stable.But perhaps you hate a thing and it is good for you; and perhaps you love a thing and it is bad for you.But perhaps you hate a thing and it is good for you; and perhaps you love a thing and it is bad for you. #Quran 2:216"We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us." -    Ibrahim Shah IbrahimMen grow old, pearls grow yellow, there is no cure for it.
 - Chinese ProverbYou know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.
 - Bob HopeOld wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read.
 - AthenaeusA man is as old as he's feeling, a woman is as old as she looks.
 - Mortimer CollinsI still think of myself as I was 25 years ago. Then I look in a mirror and see an old bastard and I realize it's me.
 - Dave AllenI walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
 Ibrahim Shah IbrahimA woman is the only thing I am afraid of that I know will not hurt me.
 Ibrahim Shah IbrahimEvery one desires to live long, but no one would be old.
 - Abraham LincolnMarriage is neither heaven nor hell, it is simply purgatory.
 - Abraham Lincoln"True beauty is the flame of self-confidence that shines from the inside out." - Barrie Davenport"Talk to yourself like you would to someone you love." - Brene BrownBeauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.
 - Kahlil GibranBiggest truth:
You can calculate everything, even the speed of light
but
Cant calculate the hate of the people behind their smile.I never worry about who wish me when I win or i am happy..
But
I just see who holds my hand when I lost everything in my life.In politics,
your enemies can’t hurt you,
but your friends will kill you. Ibrahim Shah IbrahimTeacher: Ye koun sa TENSE hai?India mein Corruption khatam ho Jayega..!!Student: Future IMPOSSIBLE Tense..!!A paper flying in air is due to luck.
But a kite flying in air is due to efforts.
So dont worry if luck doesnt support.
Efforts r always ursGod has Deposited
Love,
Joy,
Prosperity,
Peace,
Laughter 
All Kinds of Blessings in Ur
ATM Account Use without Limit.
The PIN Code is PRAYERIf the path is beautiful,
Ask where it leads to..
But if destination Is Beautiful
Never mind about the path..
keep walking!!Real Richness is When

You Are So,

E X P E N S I V E

That

No 0ne Can Buy Your,

C H A R A C T E R.I hide all my problems behind my smile.
Behind my smile is a world of pain.
You think you know me, but you have no idea.. Ibrahim Shah"Musibat me ho to kabhi ye na socho k kon sa dost kaam aye ga !
Balkay ye socho k...
Ab Kon sa dost chor k jayga."
Hazrat Ali (A.S)Allah Talah ko apne naram bistaron se uth kr yad rakhna,
WO tumhe tumhari tang Qabron mey yad rakhhay Ga.....!!"Do ordinary 4 Allah
he will do xtra ordinary 4 u

Do natural 4 Allah
he’ll do supernatural 4 u

Do possible 4 ALLAH
he’ll do impossible 4 uGuzar Rahi Hai Zindagi Zikr e Khuda Se Ghafil 

Aye Dil e Nadaan Samhal Jaa K Maut Ka Koyi Waqt NahiNeend Nhi Aati Apne Gunaho Ke Dar Se Ya Rab
Phr Sukun Se So Jata Hu Ye Soch Kar Ke
Tera Ek Naam Raheem Bhi HaiSimple line but great meaning
Empty Pockets teaches million things in life
But,
Full Pockets spoil’s you in million ways.Pearl of lifetime
Don’t Judge anyone by the way they Speak
Judge them by the way they care.
Bcoz Care is the Outcome of a Truth-full heart.2 Thoughts that
decide your Attitud.

*What you Think of YOURSELF
When You Have NOTHING

*What You Think of OTHERS
When You Have EVERYTHING.Past is Waste Paper,
Present is News Paper,
Future is Question Paper,
Life is Answer Paper,
So, Care fully Read &amp; Write it and enjoy life!Every problem in life has a gift inside..
So don’t get upset when you face problem.
It may have more beautiful ending than your expectation.Today’s most impressive lines for success:
Manzil to mil hi jayegi, Bhatak kar hi sahi..!!
Gumraah to wo hai, Jo ghar se nikle hi nahi..!!Living alone is really better
than living with fake people,
who hate you but act like loving you.All birds find shelter during a rain.
But Eagle avoids rain by flying above the Clouds
Problems r common,but attitude makes the differenceWe think there is endless time to live,

But we never know which moment is last
So share care..
Love and celebrate every moment of LIFE.Life is like a note book of 3 PAGES

1st page BIRTH
Last page DEATH
&amp;
center page EMPTY

So fill it with smile, happiness,
&amp; enjoy the life.Comparison is The Best Way
to Judge Our Progress,
But Not With Others.
Compare ur Yesterday With
Ur Today To Get The Best Results.Kagaz apni kismat se udta hai lekin
Patang apni qabiliyat se.

Isliye kismat sath de ya na de
Qabiliyat hamesa sath zarur deti hai.3 Great Philosophies:
1. Ability can never remain hidden.
2. No injury is deeper than insult.
3. Birth of tension is death of talent.Definition of
“Human Being”
by A Philosopher:

A Creature That Cuts Trees,
&amp; Makes Paper,
&amp; On Those Papers They Writes

“SAVE TREES”Every successful person has a painful story,
Every painful story has a successful ending.

Accept the pain
&amp;
get ready to success.Behtreen insaan apni
mithi jubaan se hi jana jata hai,

Warna achhi batein to deewaro par
bhi likhi hoti hai.Mistake increase your experience and experience decrease your mistakes
You learn from mistakes
While the other learn from your success.BEST LINES:
Dont read success stories,
You will get only message.

Read failure stories,
You will get some ideas to get success.Great Thought:When we cant laugh again on the same joke,then why do we cry again andagain for the one and the same pain.When life gives u a hundred reasons to cryShow life that u have a thousand reasons to smileKeep smiling alwaysand make u and other happy."The biggest turn-off for me is people who think the world of themselves." - Pixie Lott“I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.”Einstein"Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love."Albert Einstein"Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.""It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages." Ibrahim Shah"It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages." Ibrahim Shah Ibrahim"A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step." - LaoYou know you were born, and you know you will die. The in between is all up to you.Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder."None of you [truly] believes until he loves for his brother that which he loves for himself." - Al-Bukhari and Muslim.