Yooooooo I just found a bunch of the letters I got when I moved away from meade in like the 3rd grade. Growing up is weirdhello, ive just been crying abt the office and i needed that@Skype Roughly twice a week! It’s like one of my favorite ritualsfor the past 4 hours, dawson and i have been skyping and playing the sims together and i feel blessedI have a prom pic group chat with my chem group and it’s just pictures of double chins and I love them all so muchforever why The Great British Baking Show will be my favorite https://t.co/K2ssrMg9l8@MackAmari18 I have no idea what i did to deserve this, but I love and appreciate youWe are at that point where you shove a month’s worth of skincare in like 3 days@kaitlindee19 This made my night and I appreciate your existencelooking back at this, yall prolly thought it was about prom, but this is actually Kayla’s Lang Essay https://t.co/IrrzlWKXPQKAYLA SAID SHE DOESNT CARE THAT DOLPHINS CANT SMELL“What is better than a bunch of intoxicated teens dancing to trash music?” “Beards.”if someone could lead me in the direction of the book “how to get thicc quick w/o actually working out”. i would greatly appreciate itif the aliens dont come to us today, im gonna go to them and kick some alien ass. we cracked the code and we waiting. we ready for our fate.“mom aint raise no bitch, but she raised a hoe”@tartar_kitty Like I triple checked with him and everything 😂 so it’s good bbFor clarification, we are redoing the deck this summer so my dad actually said he would prefer I do it on the deck so I dont spray paint the grass 😂 https://t.co/XOYmuWXyhbMeet the Robinsons is underrated.I said I was gonna clean my room but instead I napped so whoopsi remember struggling with balancing equations and predicting products in chem last year but AP chem has made me appreciate the easy days and when it didnt take 4 pages to do all the work for a singular problemi keep looking at my phone and thinking it’s hella dry but then I realize that it is 4-5 in the morning, lolanyone else wanna bash their head against a wall? no, just me? okay coolIm trying to teach myself how to catch behind my back and I have bruised my hip, stay tuned for more updatesanything for my bb 😩💗💯 https://t.co/H16EAUG3Spi understand voicing your opinion and whatnot but sometimes it’s best to keep your mouth shut.@allieallisonm Our whole show is that and whatever new trick toss clayton learns. That’s our whole show. Write your work rn 😂@ralpholondon where is her solo. Give it to her now. Right now https://t.co/6K0cGa5l5UClayton would be the person to score a 37 on the ACT
“wow, he really smart aaaaand cutie?! extra point”has anyone ever been in that mood where you want to talk about life, the universe, and everything but at the same time cant pull your thoughts together enough to have a coherent conversation so you just kinda sit in silence and wonder..GRADE*** IM EXCITED YALL HUSHYALL, THE AP CHEM GODS HAVE BLESSED ME AND NOW I BARELY HAVE A B IN THERE AND HONEST I HAVENT BEEN SO HAPPY ABOUT A GREAD IN MY LIFEif only i could get some sleep and not have to wake up in the middle of the night to cough out a lung or throw up my insides, i would greatly appreciate that.Correction: i just got stuck in a $700 dressI just tried on a $700 dress and my heart hurtsyall dont text me. its not that i hate everyone, but i just cant type@leighabrooke21 I mean, i gotta help my girl out and get her a S N A C Cwould literally anybody be surprised if i said kayla and i are in love with each other???Update: i just got a call about my dress and i didnt understand a single bit of the voicemail, but i doubt it was a good phone callI JUST BOUGHT MY DRESS OH SWEET JESUSYall, pls keep Ralph in your thoughts bc today he is either going to die in a jungle or drown at a waterfall and I miss him and he needs to come back alive@kaylamattingly1 Naruto man@kaylamattingly1 bubble bathRussian rap music videos are wildyall, you havent lived till you have had jollibee. I want some rn and it like physically hurts how much I miss ithalf of my day has been spent listening to song lyrics be replaced with “put your nut away” and honestly im not complaining 😂The run we had was pretty rough today, but we scored a 69.5 and got 2nd!!! There is only room for improvement and I promise we will bring home a bag of m&amp;m’s this season 💓I just witnessed Clayton cry about a singular duck in a puddlethis shit&gt;&gt;&gt; https://t.co/7KDESZrhIpyou deserve so muchdont look at me like that, don’t pretend that you care.insignificant feelings.@tahdahowo Big date, lets go@princessrooley June 15WHO TRYING TO GO ON A DATE NIGHT AND SHOVE ALL THESE SMALL CHILDEN OUTTA THE WAY AND GO SEE THE INCREDIBLES 2 WITH ME???some of the worst shit is when you are obviously jamming to a song and then the person driving turns off the car before the song ends and you are done bopping. like, hello??? I was jammin thank youin need of that “wait in the car till the bop ends” kinda lovewe dont want new vines, we want “where are they now?” vines@allieallisonm I was literally about to tweet about thisThis hand writing is so good wth https://t.co/8a9ZP5tmgJi forgot valentines day was coming up so when i walked into kroger i was surprised and v confusedthere was a guard with the same song and cover. what the heck????I did not tell you to do this, I refuse no no no no no no no https://t.co/EYaYQuv6aYBryce and I only talk ever so often, but I know that when he texts me it’s either gonna be a spicy meme or some hot ass tea