Here, I fixed it. It's now 1000 times better. Was that so hard? #bebest https://t.co/8eVrRSIOZsI want to see a montage of years and years of her glancing down at his plate.As Melania watches yet another filet-o-fish disappear into her husband's shiny-lipped gullet, she thinks, "God he just won't fucking die..."Every time Melania does something public seems like somebody doing a great job making fun of Melania doing something public. What I'm trying to say is: be best.I get my news the old-fashioned way: from whatever Pitbull says between songs.@johniadarola You mean, like, an economy that prioritizes the interests of labor over capital? Never heard of such a thing.@markhoppus I hope Wonder Woman marries The Riddler and he takes her last name, becoming The Woman.Finally, someone tackles the age-old problem of efficiently providing carbohydrates to the masses. https://t.co/2hiNDQFtgwMy favorite part about Obama's Presidency was not thinking about his penis every day. That used to be a voluntary activity.How boring was the past? They invented sword-swallowing.I would have preferred one of those mental illnesses that make you wildly successful instead of just despondent and exhausted all the time.I started this #animation two years ago. Working on it again finally. I… https://t.co/32Tb5HhyUoYou're not allowed to make fun of this snokey eye shadow either. It would upset the press. #WHCA https://t.co/hyLK3CMbdZThey're all such dumbshits, too. That's one of the worst parts. America doesn't even have the self-esteem to be taken over by smart people.@baddestmamajama Big fan of shrimp. Love it. LOOOO*shakes head*OOOVE IT! Jumbo. Micro. Scampi. Popcorn -- I could go on. For me, it's a textural thing. Properly cooked shrimp has (this is about to get gross unless you're Prawn Shawn like me) a delicate crunch... ? Good mouth-feel. Satisfying.It was there all along. Bill Cosby's wife's name is a homonym for 'cum meal.' Nostradamus was right!Chuck's grand kids got him a subscription to High Times. 

(JK He's as corrupt as ever. This is just him reading the wind. It's frustrating that the only kind of progress our system allows is the kind tied to a politician's job security. This is a dumb way to run a country.) https://t.co/gKpwGHd4XzI never wanted to be a father until it occurred to me it'd be fun to say, "I knew you had it in you," to my wife after she has the baby.More like START Wars Day! #politics@johniadarola Rudy wants to bang Ivanka, too.I give it a 40% chance.I'll reverse my atheism if Donald Trump's last words are, "Manure. I hate manure."Honestly, we should all probably send porn stars money.It's all bullshit, of course. Their so-called "values" never existed to begin with and are only rhetorical tools to bludgeon others with or to hide behind. They are hypocrites, through and through.And it's working. We lose ground every day to a rising Christian autocracy the people fighting for it won't even live by. 

What an absurd situation.So follow along: Evangelicals don't live by their values in order to force non-evangelicals to live by evangelical values.Evangelicals support Trump -- the opposite of their "values" -- because he advances their agenda of basing law, policies and justice on evangelical principles.He never said which Wednesday.Watch by the end of the day, Trump pays Rudy Giuliani 130K to shut the fuck up.I wonder if anyone being chased by wolves has run past a sign with an inspirational slogan and noticed it or not.Jesus, the original incel. 

*leans in*

*cups hand to mouth*

(whispering) inspiring celibateDonald Trump will be among the last billionaires to die so at least we got that going for us. #Immortality #NoRush #TakeYourTimeThe only way this could be worse is if Trump were alive in the coming era of 'rich people get to be immortal.'Please, Anderson Cooper was my dad's name. Call me Anderson Super Duper Pooper Scooper Cooper.Don't worry, everybody. Pretty soon the thawing arctic tundra will belch up some ancient diseases we're not evolved to handle and it'll all be over.It'd be a list of VDs, a bunch of sad hair and scalp shit, baby aspirin, a brush with shingles and lots and lots of sunburn treatments.Wait -- aren't we at least owed the honest report Trump's old weird doctor would have written?and everyone's a little sad about it because it means the President might go to prison slightly laterYou know shit's fucked up when the number one news story is 'President Hires Someone Competent.'Parents, listen up. You know the sex talk is gonna be awkward so you might as well get it over with. Do it in the first couple years. It's what I would do.On his way out the door, Ty Cobb peels off his mustache, licks it and sticks it onto the new lawyer. It's tradition.@danagould We've become a stuporpower.Chappie 2 where Chappie joins the alt-right but gets booted out when they discover he's not a virgin.In an alternate reality, Dennis Miller has eased up on the smoky eye makeup for his job as White House Chief Liar.We really need to figure out why the combination of dumb, narcissistic and famous is so irresistible to our society. It's causing problems.Dennis Miller has spent the last two days spelling 'Nebuchadnezzar.'The President raided his own doctor's office because he's sensitive about his fucked up hair. Things are fine. They're fine.Google "amazon worker conditions" for more. Bezos is worth 127 billion.Two related stories. It should be illegal for any one human being to have more than 100M dollars. #EndBillionaires https://t.co/VZ0lZmf3dT@johniadarola Not even after they're translated into Trump emojis?Trump is too stupid to realize if he got a couple cute dogs, we'd be so completely under his distraction spell we'd carve his grouper face into Mt Rushmore. Phew!@johniadarola @michelleisawolf They're for freak thinkers.

(got 'em!)You know what would really piss of the libs? Tattoo your face with Sarah Huckabee Sanders's eye make up. Make it permanent. Libs HATE permanence. The streets will FILL with tears. Lib tears. Be a patriot; tattoo your face. #Maga #Trump

(sits back and watches plan unfold)And let him know soon. He's a slow writer.I mean this sincerely: PLEASE let Dennis Miller host next year's #WHCD.If Andrea tweeted about flint or corruption or the media profiting off Trump, she might somehow help people who can't do anything for her. Instead, it's performative umbrage to maintain access and defend the bubble. https://t.co/Nwph1w36aQTo be fair, it's hard to write jokes when you've got Bill O'Reilly's dick in your mouth.This tweet is the funniest thing Dennis Miller has written in 20 years. It's definitely funnier than whatever he comes up with by Wednesday. https://t.co/MDfOQ11shj@ianabramson Nope. That's just a coincidence. It's for people who love non-consequential horseplay and delightful misunderstandings.@ianabramson This is triggering to those of us in the Hanky Panky community.The WH and GOP would much rather pretend to be upset about Sarah Huckabee's honor (she has none) than Michelle's truthful jokes about Trump being a broke-ass fake billionaire so keep hitting hard on the eye shadow joke so that Broke Baby stays protected. #WHCDShe started and ended her set on this because it's his Achilles heel. He's extremely sensitive about it because it's the core lie that props up his brand. It's why he won't release his tax returns (also the crimes). https://t.co/42kveIIrvZHey, instead of amplifying the GOP whine machine by hot taking the phony Huckabee outrage, y'all should be signal boosting Michelle Wolf's point that Trump is a fake billionaire who isn't as rich as he claims. #WHCD@benjoid_ @ChaseMit Hey chief, I don't lean back if the person behind me is tall because I've had my patella smashed tons of times. I check.@ChaseMit The system works exactly as designed.@ChaseMit I'm 6'3" and lean back because it alleviates the pain in my knees and hips. But I go very slow because I feel bad for the person behind me so I find a way to suffer anyway.The Inedible Hulk is a misspelling I would consider myself fortunate to encounter.@politico Look what we've done to ourselves. We gave the power to tell our nation's story to Donald Fucking Trump.Do you think the mortician paused when he looked at Barbara Bush's-- *mic taken away*@chrislhayes No. The phrase "too much" is the tell. "Too much" can be a complete sentence, roughly meaning "overwhelming." As in: "It's too much. Make it stop." 

He thought he was showing sympathy but of course showed the exact opposite. 

He's too much.I wonder how often tech CEOs accidentally refer to their spouse as their 'team.'Having Donald Trump as President feels like being forced to spend four years riding a mechanical bull that wants to fuck its own daughter."Thanks for taking the only word that would have made any sense, journalists!" - vloggersOk, America, here's an idea: Let's replace white supremacy with competence supremacy. Worked great for the NBA.Maybe there'll be some notifications on the other twitter tab I have open.Fixed it https://t.co/hvOe6nNmZyMy first headshot. #oldheadshotday https://t.co/JpLO7DyG99Florida Teens/James Shaw Jr 2020!"Oh and a couple of us will connect you to the interdimensional network of collective consciousness that undergirds the veil of existence you mistakenly call reality, giving you something to talk about at parties."I like that mushrooms are like "Some of us are gentle sponges for sauce or soup. Some of us will fucking kill you before you finish swallowing. Go for it. We'll be back in the morning."Air Force One spins up, a map: DC to Seoul, a volcano belches, a snake hisses, a cat dies, worms emerge, radios go nuts, the moon turns orange, scientists look at screens, Melania cries at a big beautiful table in an empty room, alone and silent as the music swells -- end montageN and S Korea are making incredible progress. It's a complex situation but a peaceful solution seems more and more likely. But... 

*cue horror music*

Montage: Donald Trump getting ready -- sock garters, ranting at TV, cinching tie, Melania crying in shower, cloud of hair sprayOh thank god. I've been nervous all week. https://t.co/59ZZH18WqyObama is the living embodiment of the America we can be. Trump is the living embodiment of the America we are. He's so disturbing because he's a mirror.Wow... soooo me holding off buying a refill bag of whole peppercorns until they stop carrying NRAtv probably isn't as persuasive as I hoped...  is that the right read? https://t.co/fEdNX5kWHDYou have to be a SUCH a scumbag to get busted for corruption in America, a country where roughly half the people are eagerly complicit in their own oppression.Paul Ryan fired the House chaplain because he suggested showing sympathy for the poor. That's ridiculous. Even more ridiculous? That we have a House chaplain at all. Religion has no place in government.Trump can't go on his most trusted television show -- a kindred spirit, essentially his external psyche -- without fucking it up so I'm sure he's gonna do great with North Korea and Iran.@longwall26 And that's how he treats the guy who buries bodies for him."Children are the future" is an outdated saying. Let's replace it with "Hey, somebody needs to bury the irradiated dead."@nataliesurely I get my stepmom more for her birthday and I'm poor as shit.Ghost Dad 2 -- Prison Dad!"Hi, Bill? Bill? This is Charlie Rose. Listen, I'm casting a new show and I think you're perfect for it."America -- where Justice is so rare, it makes the newsCosby will be Charlie Rose's first guest on his Show For Rapey Men https://t.co/A9skgjDtkEBill Cosby is going to do a great job running the VA.Change the name to Fox and Frenzy.@MikeDrucker Thought police? What we need are... *turns hat backwards*... thoughtful police. *crosses arms and leans a little*At their sentencing hearing for perjury, Diamond &amp; Silk will seek leniency by announcing they've reformed their ways and are now known as Vitamin &amp; Mindfulness.@johniadarola Damn. And I thought I was the only one with perfect policy analysis.Diamond &amp; Silk are gonna do a great job running the VA.*Melania voice*
Oh Donald, my darling husband, I don't ask much for birthday -- I mean,  to say, my birthday -- but I want only one thing. Just one. Could you go on TV and act like a deranged loon who shouldn't be allowed to operate a toaster? It is all I want.To prove he's a bigger man, Trump's gonna plead the 6th. You heard it here first.Brian Williams, soon-ish:
And one of those hookers turned out to be... Jeff SessionsKanye Named To Trump's Legal Team 

*not true but the fact you weren't surprised says all you need to know

**which is that Trump has proven himself such an unpredictable maniac that appointing fellow dim narcissist Kanye West to his legal team is not beyond the realm of possib@SDSpear @whattheplucked @RocheStrategies I agree with your analysis but nevertheless I chose a less public way of conveying what I want to convey, not unlike the conveyor belt that delivers Turkey Toms directly into my waiting gullet.For sale: several 4-year-olds. NOT FUNNY.This sucks. None of my 4-year-olds are quotable. There goes the last hope for my comedy career.Obama was so healthy he survived 8 years with a drunk doctor. Trump gets the same doctor, gets his fat taint licked by said doctor, appoints him to a position FAR beyond his skill set and all hell breaks loose. Classic.Trump's eager pinky is the new Slender Man. 

#SlenderMan #EagerPinkyTrump sleeps with porn stars without a condom and Melania holds Trump's hand without a condom. This kind of reckless risk-taking does not belong in the White House.We should shrink government to the size where it can slightly exceed the needs and services required to optimize the potential of its people and land on short, medium and long-term scales... in bed.@RocheStrategies @whattheplucked A fair point. Now lets all go to Quiznos and split a turkey 9-incher.@whattheplucked @RocheStrategies Alright, alright. Dan, it sounds like you have good reasons to be cynical. I understand where you're coming from based on my limited exposure to your context. Amanda, you're right Dan didn't have enough info about these individuals to make the assumptions he made but that's okay.@whattheplucked @RocheStrategies It's all good. Everyone's doing their best.@RocheStrategies @whattheplucked I agree with your third sentence. Not the first two. My friends would care if they knew.@whattheplucked That occurred to me. I'm gonna tell one in person next time I see her and encourage her to pass it on. That's the strategy I've chosen.Maybe I'll do the old-fashioned thing and post memes on their facebooks.Anyway, unless you're for making the world worse, don't eat at Jimmy John's. Their founder and CEO is the Ted Nugent of sandwiches. He's an awful person and doesn't deserve a penny from your pocket.I'm wondering if I had spoken (tweeted) up, would that have been considered rude or would they be glad to know the truth? Probably a bit of both? I don't know. I want them to know but it's not my business.-- All things I know said friends are against. I was about to butt in with this knowledge but I didn't want to fart at the picnic so I chose not to. While I can't say for sure, I bet they'd rather know their lunch purchase helps fund right wing demagoguery and big-game hunting.Twitter etiquette question:
Saw some friends tweeting about their enthusiasm for Jimmy Johns. They're politically conscious but I suspected none of them knew Jimmy John's founder James John Liautaud hunts endangered species, is a huge right wing donor &amp; is shitty to his workers.It should be illegal to have more than 100 million dollars. https://t.co/xq8dXtvXFYIf you saw a seventh grader pull that dandruff stunt, you'd turn to the person next to you and say "that kid is dangerous."There are times when it's fun to be horny but mostly it's a distraction, an annoying curse, a prank from the past, refined by millions of years of evolution selecting the more horny over the less horny.Many do push-ups and yoga and adorn themselves in status-raising linens and odors but most of us inhors just wait until someone with low standards comes along.Never heard of these involuntarily celibate maniacs -- they call themselves "incels" -- but I have been active in the involuntarily horny community since puberty.That scene in Shawshank Redemption where Andy gets beers for the prisoners working on the roof must be how Melania felt sitting next to Obama.Please read my column in the New York Times about how they're silencing me.I'm sure nobody on the right would care if Obama skipped the funeral of a beloved First Lady to go golfing at his private business.Gotta call my nephew on his birthday to let him know he has an uncle.You know they're all relieved he's not coming. No hesitation about foisting him onto our lives -- the living -- but he's too toxic to be near the Republican dead.Wait-- Trump is skipping Barbara Bush's funeral to golf? That's not fair! The GOP brought us Trump; they ARE Trump. They should have their sacred events desecrated by his presence just like he does to the rest of the country.Let's talk about sects, beecee
Let's talk about jews and sikhs
Let's talk about all the christians
   and the muslims
that   may    beTwo things I love about my family:
1) We don't give a shit about birthdays
2) We don't kiss on the lipswoah this blew up: buy my albumTrump is like a raccoon we can't get rid of. He's gonna cause damage and raise a ruckus while we learn to cope with the stress and hope he doesn't burn the place down before we can elect a more sensible raccoon.Can you believe it!? The Atlantic fired me just because I publicly advocate for the murder of millions of women. Outrageous!Can't get my therapist to put her phone on vibrate.Man vs Food could have been called Scarf Ace.I've always said James Comey would make a perfect addition to the cast of The View. Congrats on the new gig, Come Dumpster!I just hope my mom doesn't outlive her cat. I can't go through that again.Once it's adjudicated that Trump is a money-launderer and got into power by colluding with a foreign government, we get to reverse all his orders, policies and judicial appointments, right?If I ever get to meet James Comey, I'm gonna have him sign my David Brooks tattoo.Sorry, everybody, that wasn't an earthquake. I was typing on my phone and had a lot of undoing to do.Mark Zuckerberg fires his robot barber.@baddestmamajama It's a Reverse Soul Pyramid.Up in Heaven Barbara Bush has a great life, a nourishing career, falls in love, marries, has a couple kids, teaches them her morals, one of them gets all the claps he wants, the other starts a war that bankrupts and destabilizes Heaven, greatly accelerating its decline.Here comes David Sob-a-lot.Man I picked a bad day to launch my new web-series, Huge Bush.George W Bush's Request To Be Released From Prison To Attend His Mother's Funeral Denied

~headline from a just world (fiction)Melania tweets the word 'jealous'That's it. I'm boycotting Sean Hannity's advertisers. No more bulk discount catheter tips for me!@chrislhayes I told you it was a good idea to host the show topless.Donald Trump, widely known for decades as Michael Cohen's "breaker,"...Sean Hannity must be worried there might be recordings of him sounding stupid.Instead, there's a little of that but there's A LOT of bomb and death machine money, corporate welfare, luxury travel, church subsidies and some for the President's pocket because The Boss gets a taste or he doesn't enjoy his weekly vacation.I'd love to live in a country where I had confidence the vast majority of my taxes were spent helping people, improving lives, expanding rights, righting wrongs and furthering the progress of humanity.Pretty good lemon squares though so it all evens out.Bad news, guys: just found out sinners go to hell to burn in eternal fire. Crap, I knew I shouldn't have let them lure me inside with lemon squares. #ChurchNewb@johniadarola "the century he stole from the people"From now on no more male presidents. Can't be trusted.@KenDBerryMD Soooo... two at a time?Watch, Trump's mystery child is Kit Harrington and he takes over.@baddestmamajama easy workaround: serve each piece with a shot of vanilla. (1oz shots so it's not overwhelming)I got so much white in my beard, Trump just tried to hire it.No, seriously, think of all the hairspray he's inhaled. Trump's brain has more holes than the ozone layer.So exhausted. I can't wait to get past this period of overwhelming instability and stress, and I'm just referring to my comedy career.Yes, you look like a guy who needs hookers.Government is not supposed to be exciting or surprising. It's supposed to be predictable, competent, rational and boring.The Zuckerberg-Star Trek's Data comparison is so spot on it's unnerving. It's like he's one of the top Data cosplayers -- the Daniel Day-Lewis of Data impersonators.This is the kind of good, stable governance the people of a great nation deserve.Trump's gonna get away with all this by walking out of the White House pretending his finger is a mustache and we're gonna be like "where'd Trump go? he was just here" while he scoots by and escapes because we were dumb enough to put him in power in the first place.If a guy who mixed paint for a living used the phrase 'gas killing animal,' you'd be like 'maybe we shouldn't let him run the paint-mixing machine' and you definitely wouldn't let him run a nuclear superpower.Poison people quickly: you're a war criminal
Poison people slowly: you're a capitalistWhy was every mall in LA designed by someone who heard about malls from an ancient scroll fragment containing a vague description of a mall?Mark Zuckerberg must be glad to be done with the hearing so he can finally spit that water out.He's retiring specifically so he doesn't have to feel the pressure to do any of these things. How can anyone, especially the well-paid chatter class, be this naive? https://t.co/znj3n8PyfL@willmenaker Her final comment is why establishment Dems are and always will be losersLike all good stories and religions, this one's about a MAGIC BOY.Alright, I admit it. Helicopters are pretty cool.I've lost over 25 followers in the last month. Maybe I'm as delusional about my abilities as I suspect.@chrislhayes While firing Mueller, he misspeaks and accidentally fires Melania but he goes with it or risk looking weak.

"That is why I've chosen to fire Melania... AND Mueller..."@longwall26 This could be the pizza dot com of our time! https://t.co/c72y0KS92TOh Goddammit! https://t.co/X6XwsxWUOdNow that Paul Ryan will be spending more time with his family, I will be spending less time with his family."You knew I was a snake..."Remember all that talk about W Bush's mandate? Both in '00 and '04. Should he govern like he has one? etc, etc. Despite Trump losing the popular vote worse than Bush, there's not a whisper about mandates. He governs like he won 100% of the vote.I'm poor and bald and I have a better haircut than Mark Zuckerberg.