Never judge someone without knowing the whole story. You may think you understand, but you don't.Depression isn't always sadness, it can also be emptiness, anger, tiredness or loneliness, sometimes a cry for help isn't so visible.Marijuana was initially made illegal in 1937 by a man who testified the drug made white women want to be with black men.The only thing making you unhappy are your own thoughts. Change them.Everyone has experienced something that has changed them in a way that they could never go back to the person they once were.People usually don't notice the things you do for them until you stop doing those thingsProve yourself to yourself not others.There is a fear of not being good enough for the person you are in a relationship with. This is known as Atychiphobia.No matter how strong of a person you are, there’s always someone who can make you weak.Shy people usually end up being some of the coolest people you know after you start talking to them.Life is about balance. Be kind, but don’t let people abuse you. Trust, but don’t be deceived. Be content, but never stop improving yourself.'You really love him/her, don't you?' It's a psychological question, no name was mentioned but still, someone came into your mind!The first to apologize is always the bravest. The first to forgive is the strongest. The first to forget is the happiest.A real friend is someone who sees the pain in your eyes while everyone else still believes the smile on your face.Forgiveness is the key to happiness, according to psychologists.95% of the time, We forgive people because we still want them in our lives.Train your mind to see the good in everything. Positivity is a choice. The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts.Habits of happy people:
1 don't show off
2 talk less
3 learn daily
4 help less fortunate
5 laugh more
6 ignore nonsense
7 no entitlementRemember the five simple rules to be happy: Free your heart from hatred. Free your mind from worries. Live simply. Give more. Expect less.When somebody has something negative to say about you, it's often because they have nothing positive to say about themselves.You deserve someone who knows how to make things up to you after hurting you. Not someone who is very good with just the word, "sorry."You can lose yourself trying to please everyone, but you can also lose everyone trying to find yourself.3 types of people in life:
who helped you in difficult times
who left you in difficult times
who put you in difficult timesWhen you miss someone, you are more likely to suddenly go from feeling happy to feeling sad, without any warning.Our brains have a negativity bias and will remember negative memories more than good ones. This helps us to better protect ourselves.Jackie Chan once broke 12 blocks of concrete with his hand, whilst holding an egg in the same hand. The egg didn't break.Nobody wants to hear this, but sometimes the person you want most, is the person you're best without.If you get a gut feeling that something isn’t right about a person or situation, trust it.Experience is what you get when you didn’t get what you wanted. - Randy PauschLife is better when you're laughing.Remove negative people from your life. The people you spend time with influence your attitude, thoughts and success more than you think.The nicest people tend to often be the ones who have been mistreated the most.It's painful to say goodbye to someone you don't want to let go, but more painful to ask someone to stay when you know they want to leave.Music is one of the few activities in life that utilizes the entire brain.Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. - Benjamin FranklinMy only goal right now is be genuinely, truly happy.Never expect, never assume, never ask, and never demand. Just let it be. If it is meant to be, it will happen.While you're busy looking for the perfect person, you'll probably miss the imperfect person who could make you perfectly happy.Learning from your mistakes is wise, but learning from the mistakes of others is quicker and easier.Most people aren't actually anti-social. They choose to be alone because they hate spending time with stupid people.That awkward moment when you're in super deep thought. Then 4 minutes later you realize you're staring directly at someone.I think one of the greatest feelings in the world is when someone openly tells you how much you mean to them.Shopping releases endorphins that temporarily reduce stress, boost self-esteem, and moderate pain.Never give up on something you really want. It's difficult to wait, but it's more difficult to regret.Ways to fight depression • Hug a tree. • Cuddle. • Hug a friend. • Text someone you care about. • Smile more. • Listen to music.Never expect, never assume, never ask, and never demand. Just let it be. If it is meant to be, it will happen.People who swear a lot tend to be more honest, upfront, and loyal with their friends, partners and family.The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you finally achieve it.Accept your past without regret, handle your present with confidence, and face your future without fear.Don’t depend too much on anyone in this world because even your own shadow leaves you when you are in darkness.Just be happy. Be who you want to be. If others don't like it, then let them be. Happiness is a choice. Life isn't about pleasing everybody.PSYCHOLOGY SAYS - Over thinking is just a painful reminder that you care entirely too much, even when you shouldn't.Life is not about the people who act true to your face. It's about the people who remain true behind your back.Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. - Thomas EdisonPhysical touch makes you healthier. Studies show that massages, hugs, and hand-holding reduces stress and boosts the immune system.Train your mind to see the good in every situation.Sometimes the best therapy is a long drive and music.Music and sleep, two great ways to escape from everything.If you stay, stay forever. If you go, do it today. If you change, change for the better. If you talk, make sure you mean what you say.Prove yourself to yourself not others.Cutting people from your life does not mean you hate them, it simply means, you respect yourself.Not being able to control your negative thoughts is also a warning sign of depression.70% of people enjoy old songs because of the memories they've attached to them.When your mood randomly goes from happy to sad, it's often an indication that you're missing someone.The true mark of maturity is when somebody hurts you and you try to understand their situation instead of trying to hurt them back.Weak people revenge. Strong people forgive. Intelligent people ignore. - Albert EinsteinMy only relationship goal is to be with a person who motivates me to become a great person and tells me the potential I don't see in myself.Respect people who find time in their schedule to see you. Love people who never look at their schedule when you need them.Never ignore a person who loves and cares for you, because one day you may realize that you’ve lost the moon while counting the starsThe key to happiness and success: Dream big, work hard, stay focused, and surround yourself with good people.Be happy. Be who you wanna be. If others don't like it, then let them be. Happiness is a choice. Life isn't about pleasing everybody.Sometimes you just have to accept that some people can only be in your heart, not in your life.1 text, 1 song, 1 mistake, 1 lie, 1 word, 1 truth, and 1 person could change your mood in 1 second.Intelligent people tend to care less about the opinions of others, they also enjoy being alone because of great sense of self.We forget 80% of what we learn every day.If you weighed 100 kilos on Earth, you would only weigh 38 kilos on Mars. You're not fat - you're just on the wrong planet.I think the only reason people hold onto memories so tight is because memories are the things that don’t change; when everybody else does.Great things happen when you distance yourself from all the negative people.Just when you think you know people, they disappoint you in ways you never thought they could.Falling in love is easy, staying in love is a challenge, letting go is hard, and moving on is the hardest.Tell a girl a million times she's not fat, she’ll never believe you. Call her fat once she’ll never forget it.Weak people revenge. Strong people forgive. Intelligent people ignore. - Albert EinsteinNever stop learning, because life never stops teaching.One of the hardest tasks for the human mind is convincing yourself that you no longer care.If you replace the "W" in "where" "what" and "when" with "T" you get answers to the questions.Remember when people had diaries and got mad when someone read them? Now they put everything online and get mad when people don't.Did you know your body is actually designed to get 4 hours of sleep twice per day instead of 8 hours once?If someone sticks by your side through your worst times, they’re the ones who deserve to be with you through your best times.Pretending you don’t have feelings of anger, sadness, or loneliness can literally destroy you mentally.You only need two close friends in which you can trust and dedicate yourself to. Having too many friends can lead to depression and stress.Don't compare your progress with that of others. We all need our own time to travel our own distance.Shy people usually end up being some of the coolest people you know after you start talking to them.Ironically, the person you'd take a bullet for sometimes ends up being the one behind the gun.I learned that people leave. Even if they have promised a thousand times that they won't.Being a gentleman never goes out of style.Your age doesn’t define your maturity, your grades don’t define your intelligence, and rumors don’t define who you are.Life is weird. You can go from being strangers, to being friends, to being more than friends, to being practically strangers again.When two people really care about each other, they will always look for a way to make it work, no matter how hard it is.70% of people enjoy old songs because of the memories they've attached to them.At the end of the day, I'm chilling and at peace because I know my heart is pure, my intentions are good, and my love is real.Marijuana was initially made illegal in 1937 by a man who testified the drug made white women want to be with black men.Some people aren't actually anti social, they're just very selective when it comes to the people they associate with.Having someone ask you, "Are you okay?" actually causes you to tear up even more when you're trying not to cryRespect people who find time in their schedule to see you. Love people who never look at their schedule when you need them.Single is not a status. It's a word that describes a person who is strong enough to live and enjoy life without depending on others.Be careful with your words, because once they've been said, they can only be forgiven; not forgotten.Over-thinking ruins you, ruins the situation, twists things around, makes you worry just makes everything much worse than it actually is.The higher your IQ level, the easier it is to resist peer pressure. Intelligent people are less concerned with the approval of others.You'll never live a happy life if you always care about what others think about you.People spend too much time looking for more, instead of appreciating what they already have.If you’re not losing friends then you’re not growing up.If you really love someone, even if there's a million reasons to leave, you would still look for the one reason to stay.There's "hell" in hello, "good" in goodbye, "lie" in believe, "over" in lover, "end" in friend, "ex" in "next", "if" in life.People who stay up later at night are likely to be more intelligent than those who go to bed early.Never get too attached to anyone unless they also feel the same towards you, because one sided expectations can mentally destroy you.Sarcasm is the ability to insult stupid people without them realizing it.A person that truly loves you will never let you go, no matter how hard the situation is.In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.The less you give a damn, the happier you will be.Your life will get so much better when you realize that it's better to be alone than to chase around people who don't care about you.Drinking alcohol is 100 times more dangerous than using marijuana, according to a study.If people don't realize your worth, then they don't deserve to be with you. Don't allow people who don't appreciate you to let you down.Listening to music at high volumes makes a person calmer, happier and more relaxed.You can’t change how people feel about you, so don’t try. Just live your life and be happy.Sometimes the best way to appreciate something is to be without it for a while.Psychology says, the person who tries to keep everyone happy often ends up feeling the loneliest.Don't make decisions when you're angry. Don't make promises when you're happy.A good relationship is with someone who knows all your insecurities and imperfections but still loves you for who you are.Be good to people. Even the shitty ones. Let the assholes be assholes. You'll sleep better.Some people are actually afraid of being too happy because they think something tragic is going to happen soon. This is known as CherophobiaDon't chase people. Work hard and be yourself. Under these two principles, the right people will find their way into your life.It's unbelievable how fast people can change. One day, you mean everything. The next day, you dont exist anymore.Sleep + Music = 2 ways to escape everything.Forgive others. Not because they deserve forgiveness, but because you deserve peace.Arguing over text is the worst way to argue because the lack of tone decreases the meaning of the words. Talk it out in person.When you're alone, you think. When you think, you remember. When you remember, you feel pain. - Psychological FactTwo things define you: Your patience when you have nothing, and your attitude when you have everything.Be strong now. Things will get better.Just because someone is strong enough to handle pain, doesn't mean they deserve it.If a friendship lasts longer than 7 years, psychologists say it will last a lifetime.We never "lose" friends, we just learn who our real ones are.Psychology says, friendship is not about who you spend the most time with, it’s about who you have the best time with.People are naturally more happy when they're kept busy.Sometimes those who don't socialize much aren't actually anti-social, they just have no tolerance for drama and fake people.Sleep makes you more creative and makes your memories stronger.Be strong. Stay positive. Make them wonder how you're still smiling.Everything heals. Your body heals. Your heart heals. Your mind heals.  Your happiness is going to come back. Bad times don't last.Don't stress about the future, it hasn't arrived yet.Whatever happens, happens. Don’t stress about it.Never judge someone without knowing the whole story. You may think you understand, but you don't.Maturity is when you keep your mouth shut when you want to say something mean to someone. Only people at peace with themselves can do this.If someone doesn’t appreciate your presence, make them appreciate your absence.The last person on your mind before you close your eyes at night is either the reason for your happiness or pain.A person generally hates you for 3 reasons: 1) They want to be you. 2) They hate themselves. 3) They see you as a threat.When a woman no longer gets frustrated and upset with you, you can almost guarantee that she doesn't care anymore.Take control of your emotions before emotions take control of you.The best boyfriend isn't the best-looking, the funniest, or the richest. It's the one that makes sure you know he loves you.You aren't rich until you have something that money can't buy.Before you assume, try asking first.I don't chase people anymore. i learned that i'm here, and i'm important. i'm not going to run after people to prove that i matter.Once you fall in love, there’s no going back to being just friends.If someone really wants to see you, they'll find a reason, they'll find a way, and they'll make the effort.If you're happy, who cares what other people think.Psychology says, the person who tries to keep everyone happy often ends up feeling the loneliest..No matter how educated, rich, talented or famous you believe you are, how you treat people is ultimately what will tell all.Your height is usually determined by your father. Intelligence, emotional strength and body shape is determined by the mother.Distance yourself from people who:
1. lie to you
2. disrespect you
3. use you
4. put you downEventually you realize who really matters, who never did, and who always will.Cheaters think everyone cheats. Liars think everyone lies. Keep this in mind.Teenagers = Treated like children but expected to act like adultsStop stressing over things you can't control or change. overthinking leads to negative thoughts. be grateful and focus on the positive.Twitter is basically just you having a conversation with yourself hoping that someone else will join in.People say "never give up" but sometimes giving up is the best option because you realize you're wasting your time.Have you ever just stopped and realized that if you hadn’t met a certain person in your life, your life would be completely different.Listening to music at high volumes can make a person calmer, happier and more relaxed.It’s better to be alone than to be in bad company.The Blue Whale ejaculates over 40 gallons of Sperm when mating. Only 10% enters the female and you always wondered why the sea tasted salty?No matter how educated, rich, talented or famous you believe you are, how you treat people is ultimately what will tell all.Infatuation is when you find somebody who is absolutely perfect. Love is when you realize that they aren't and it doesn’t matter.The strongest people tend to smile even during their toughest times. Smiling is a psychological symbol of strength. Keep Smiling :)The foundation of a healthy relationship: Trust and communication.Everything is going to be alright, maybe not today, but eventually.Don’t be afraid of death, be afraid of an unlived life.The worst person to be around is someone who complains about everything and appreciates nothing.Sloppy handwriting by doctors is responsible for over 7,000 deaths every year.When your mood randomly goes from happy to sad, it's often an indication that you're missing someone.Nothing holds you back more than your own insecurities.if you’re meant to be with someone, it will work out. whether it’s next month or in five years, what’s meant to be will always be.Sarcasm is the ability to insult stupid people without them realizing it.My only relationship goal is to be with a person who motivates me to become a great person and tells me the potential I don't see in myself.A great relationship is about two things: First, appreciating the similarities and second, respecting the differences.As you breathe right now, another person takes his last. We suggest you to stop complaining, and learn to live your life with what you have.Find three hobbies: one to make you money, one to keep you in shape, and one to keep you creative.Sometimes, the thing you most want, doesn't happen. And sometimes, the thing you never expect to happen, does.A person who truly loves you will never let you go or give up on you, no matter how hard the situation is.Instead of wishing you were someone else, be proud of who you are. You never know who has been looking at you wishing they were you.PSYCHOLOGY SAYS - Over thinking is just a painful reminder that you care entirely too much, even when you shouldn't.TIP OF THE DAY; delete the people that make you feel bad abt yourself or your life, unfollow them, delete their numbers, erase their texts, find happier people, pet a dog, watch a silly movie, just try to forget about them. you’re better off, remember your worth &amp; don’t settle.Psychology says, you realize you love someone when you want them to be happy, even if its not with you.Ironically, the person you'd take a bullet for sometimes ends up being the one behind the gun.