Delight yourself in the LORD and he'll give you the desires of your heart. -Psalm 37:4People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. But how strong you stand is what makes you.Take the time to appreciate what you have.Trust in the LORD with all your heart &amp; lean not on your own understanding. -Prov 3:5No matter how things look, know that God is still in control. Stay in peace, knowing that He will always be with you.“Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, since as members of one body you were called to peace. And be thankful.” 1 Colossians 3:15You are not your past, forgive youreslf and move on. https://t.co/xEjbJsnwIzPresident @realDonaldTrump  We believe in you, the people are with you, you will continue to be as strong and honest as you! https://t.co/AWAMxppq1r#God's grace has no boundaries and has no limitations.You can't fall if you don't climb, but there's no joy in living your whole life on the ground.nothing going on in here except good boys hugging and absolutely not being bad boys. hi. https://t.co/xRViDWZT9VEverything in life can teach you a lesson, you just have to be willing to learn.7 days without prayer makes one "weak" :)What do you do with a mistake: recognize it, admit it, learn from it, forget it. -Dean SmithJesus said, "For mortals it is impossible, but for God all things are possible." -Mat 19:26God has a perfect timing for everything. Learn to wait on Him. This brings Him honor, and it brings you peace. (see Psalm 27:14)Come to me, all you who are weary &amp; burdened, &amp; I will give you rest. -Matthew 11:28“Have you not known? Have you not heard? The everlasting God, the Lord, the Creator of the ends of the earth, neither faints nor is weary. His understanding is unsearchable.” (Isaiah 40:28)Always say what you mean and mean what you say. Express how you feel and don't ever apologize for being real.Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mindEverything in life can teach you a lesson, you just have to be willing to learn.Wishing will NEVER be a substitute for prayer.Judge your worth and value by what God says about you in His Word, not by how somebody else treats you. (Ephesians 2:4-10)“Therefore, since we have been justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ.” (Romans 5:1)The church of leftism:
Baby killing is great. 
Terrorists &amp; criminals are misunderstood.
Illegals doing illegal things are justified.
Marxism is fair. 
Control of everyone is necessary.
Anarchy is the goal.
The ONLY evil that truly exists comes from anyone that opposes them ‼️People will always disappoint you, to remain happy you must learn how to forgive, forget and move on.Take delight in the LORD and he will give you the desires of your heart. -Psalms 37:4God's plan for your life &gt; Your plan for your life.“For you have been born again, 
not of perishable seed, but of imperishable, 
through the living and enduring word of God.” 1 Peter 1:23Surely God is my salvation; I will trust and not be afraid. -Isaiah 12:2My father @BillyGraham asks a very important question in this clip from 1980. “If Jesus Christ had to spend all night in prayer, how much more should we feel compelled to spend in prayer?” #NationalDayofPrayer https://t.co/xADyCViqoEYou can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one. -John WoodenI don't know what my future holds, but I do know who holds my future. -Tim TebowGet rid of your of worries. Cast all your anxiety on Him because He cares for you. -1Peter 5:7Thank you @POTUS @realDonaldTrump. https://t.co/vUCrAxrbtYEnjoy the good moments. Stay positive in the bad. Know that everything will be alright.Happiness comes when we stop complaining about the troubles we have and give thanks for all the troubles we don't have.Give God your problems and allow Him to give you solutions.Trials without God will break you. Trials with God will make you.Every struggle in your past has shaped you into the person you are today. Take God's hand and step into your future without fear.The way you think determines the way you feel, and the way you feel influences the way you act.The LORD is compassionate &amp; gracious, slow to anger, abounding in love. Psalm 103:8Why do we close our eyes when we pray, cry, kiss or dream? Because the most beautiful things in life are not seen but felt by heart.As Christians we can know that “neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future...neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord” (Rom. 8:38-39).With men it is impossible; but to God all things are possible. -Matthew 19:26A person who really wants something will find a way; a person who doesn't will find an excuse.Do not pray for an easy life; pray for the strength to endure a difficult one.Jesus died for you, knowing you might never love Him back. THAT is true love.You can make mistakes, but you aren't a failure until you start blaming others for those mistakes.Friends are angels who lift our feet when our own wings have trouble remembering how to fly.If all the cars at a red light accelerated at the exact same time and speed when the light turned green, there would be way less traffic.Worry about your character, not your reputation. Your character is who you are and your reputation is what others think you are.Two things define you: Your patience when you have nothing, and your attitude when you have everything.I fall, I rise, I make mistakes, I live, I learn, I've been hurt but I'm alive. I'm human, I'm not perfect but I'm thankful.The Lord will fight for you. https://t.co/LVk3Ntk62ANever be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic.Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.Start each day by declaring to yourself... "This is the day the Lord has made and I am going to be glad in it!"For the players who did not get drafted: There are more undrafted free agents in the Hall of Fame (16) than No. 1 overall picks (14).Accept your past without regret, handle your present with confidence and face your future without fear.A person never knows the difference they will make. #God uses us in ways we don't realize!!I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs, but how high he bounces when he hits bottom. - George PattonAfter seeing the young female hired to verbally bully anyone who worked for @realDonaldTrump I now understand why eating Tide Pods is popular.  That level of vulgarity is best handled with a mouth washed out w/ soap. Have some more Tide Pods.Expect less, prepare more. Judge less, respect more. Complain less, thank more. Regret less, smile more.Faith marks the beginning of the Christian life.  Through genuine faith, God grants eternal life to a spiritually dead person.  Ephesians 2:1If you allow yourself to be led by the Spirit of #God, you will end up just where you are supposed to be.If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living. - Anatole FranceFor the 12th consecutive year the SEC had the most players drafted. SEC had 53, ACC 45, Big Ten 33, PAC 12 30, Big 12 20.The difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter.“Let us therefore come boldly to the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in time of need.” (Hebrews 4:16)Don't stress over things you can't change.Keep away from people who belittle your ambitions. Small people do that, but the great ones make you feel that you can become great.Don't stress over things you can't change.When you lose something, don't think of it as a loss; accept it as the gift that gets you on the path you were meant to travel on.Every struggle in your past has shaped you into the person you are today. Take God's hand and step into your future without fear.Life doesn't let you to go back and change things. All you can do is learn from the past, and prepare for what the future may bring.For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans to prosper u &amp; not to harm you, plans to give you hope &amp; a future. -Jer 29:11Let go of the disappointments and setbacks in your life and hang on to the promises of God for your future.Over-thinking ruins you. Ruins the situation, twists things around, makes you worry and just makes everything much worse than it actually isBe silent or let thy words be worth more than silence. - PythagorasYour words mean nothing when your actions are the complete opposite.“For there is one God, and there is one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus, who gave himself as a ransom for all...” (1 Timothy 2:5-6)It’s pretty sad that this picture of teens praying before their meal on the way to prom sparked controversy on social media. I’m proud of them. They weren’t ashamed to bow their heads in public and thank God. Too bad this isn’t always the norm! https://t.co/kuZ7a7T5UmHappy NFL Draft Day 2018!! #RollTide #NFLDraft https://t.co/4BAVj96Ut9For the LORD loves the just &amp; will not forsake his faithful ones. -Psalm 37:28You sin? God forgives.
You worry? God's in control.
You're empty? God restores.
You're alone? God is with you.God always gives us unexpected blessings!Build your life on the sold rock of Jesus Christ.Worrying does not take away tomorrow's troubles, it takes away today's peace.Our faith gets stronger the more we use it."So do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will take care of itself." -Matthew 6:34Serve the Lord with fear, and rejoice with trembling. -Psalm 2:11No matter how long you have traveled in the wrong direction, you can always turn around.Don't mourn bad decisions, overcome them with good ones.A friend is loving at all times, and becomes a brother in times of trouble. -Proverbs 17:17Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. - Martin Luther KingLive your life, take chances, be crazy. Don't wait, cause right now is the oldest you've ever been &amp; the youngest you'll ever be.Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you'll never, ever have enough.The Bible says, “if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your heart that God has raised Him from the dead, you will be saved.” (Romans 10:9)