Wounds only heal when we allow them.How To Self-Motivate: From Education To A Successful Career https://t.co/5rDYJFD2Ui https://t.co/rYP2YoRhGTWhen you can’t see a way out of your difficulty, it may mean that God is making a way through that difficulty. Trust that God is working His purposes in you and that victory is on the other side!We can't hold on to our faith and hold on to our fear at the same time. We have to choose one or the other.Meekness isn’t weakness, it’s strength under control. It’s knowing when to speak and when to listen; when to move and when to wait. Choose meekness today and choose to walk in your greatest strength!https://t.co/J4vhT5BhEMThe Bible tells us that strife opens the door to every evil work. It's the enemy's greatest trap to keep people from living in victory. Rise above strife and choose to live in peace in every area of life!Sometimes, nobody really understands what you are going through except God.When we compare ourselves with others, it robs us of our unique value. The truth is, you were created to do things that no one else was created to do. You are incomparable!Start making room for your blessing!Six Simple Factors for Successful Goal Setting https://t.co/lFXOVH12x9 https://t.co/ADMEvAw5GVStruggling to Reach Your Goal? Take a Break! https://t.co/f7yEme9q3A https://t.co/5V356cgFlRGod is at work in your life right now. He is directing your steps. What you thought was a setback is going to turn out to be a setup.When you wake up expecting great things to happen, you will notice greater things happening beyond expectation. Today, expect great things!Life is too short to live at odds, contentious, arguing over things that don’t matter. Be an eagle and rise above it.Jesus told us that worry won’t add a single thing to our lives. In fact, worry depletes us of joy and energy. Today, turn your worry into worship! Cast your cares on Him and receive His peace for today!A positive attitude gives you power over your circumstances instead of your circumstances having power over you.Never be afraid to make positive changes because of what your “they” are going to think.... let them think.Success Is a Journey https://t.co/qvwLHA3FmH https://t.co/k7dfxPQPiUHumble yourself and turn to HIM. https://t.co/fvzevV0shWYou may have weaknesses, but God has strength. You may have sin, but God has grace. You may fail, but God remains faithful!Every closed door doesn't mean you're doing something wrong. Every delay doesn't mean you're not where you're supposed to be.God doesn't care what you're not. He cares who you are. You are His. When He adds His extra to your ordinary, nothing is impossible for youIt doesn’t take much effort to do what everyone else is doing. A dead fish can float downstream; it takes a live one to swim upstream. It’s easy to be common. The pressure comes when you decide to be uncommon.The scripture says in James 1:19, “Be quick to listen and slow to speak.” If you’ll pause for a moment and let your emotions calm down, you’ll make better decisions.God wants us to stand out. When people look at us, they should think there’s something different about them. They’re a cut above. They’re committed, they're faithful, they’re excellent.Don’t let a temporary period of being uncomfortable keep you from a permanent blessing. Yes, it takes discipline. Yes, it’s uncomfortable. But your destiny is at stake.Bring back to your remembrance all the good things God has done in your life. Stir up your faith and set your focus on His promises.The grace of God is always available to us. His grace empowers us beyond our natural ability. Receive His gift of grace today.When you refuse to compromise and not be squeezed into society’s mold, God will give you favor and cause you to stand out above the rest.No matter what has happened in your past, it doesn’t have to define your future. With God, there is always a reset. He will use your past to launch you forward, not hold you back.Feeling tired and discouraged today? Fear not. God will not leave you nor forsake you. He will love you back into wholeness so you'll have a song in your heart once more. https://t.co/9JfBunWSJRYou may have big problems, but we serve a big God. Quit worrying. God is saying all is well.The only power people have over you is the power you give them. They don’t determine your value. They can’t lessen your self-worth.God is saying today, “Cast your cares on Me.” Whatever may be weighing you down, release it to God. His yoke is easy, and His burden is light.In the difficult times, stay flexible, stay open. You grow in the tough times. You may not like it, but it’s working for you.The enemy wants you to feel depressed and defeated, but you must claim, declare, and walk in victory!When you talk to Jesus, you aren’t just talking to the air. He is there for you, and He will respond. Believe it when you pray.Sometimes the best thing to say in a situation is nothing.Just when you thought it would never work out, God is going to surprise you. He’s going to bring you a great harvest, something that you never imagined.Someone keeps replaying the same problem over in their mind. But now is the time to stop beating yourself up. Beating yourself up doesn't change the results, PRAYER does.Don’t be discouraged if you’re not where you want to be today. Trust that God is doing something in you today to get you to where you need to be tomorrow.God knows every person that’s done you wrong, every injustice, every bad break. He’s going to pay you back. You’re going to come out fully compensated, blessed, vindicated, honored. People will know that God has ruled in your favor.Don’t hold so tightly to things that it causes you to struggle. Put down your heavy load and let Him refresh you!https://t.co/nf6OeNhVpWGod will bring you through.The Most High God is ruling in your favor. He’s going to rescue you from deep waters; He’s going to deliver you from powerful enemies.What you came from doesn’t have to limit where you’re going to. How you start is not important; how you finish is what matters.Dear Father, 

Every day there is a different challenge. Some challenges are more difficult than others. We are praying for strength to make it through each challenge. We are trusting that greater things are waiting for us on the other side.God is about to overrule some things in your life, the injustice, the unfair situations. That’s not your destiny.  He has a life of victory for you.God’s resurrection power is still at work today! He can resurrect lost dreams, broken relationships, and restore every area of your life!No matter how much faith you have today, you can have more tomorrow by meditating on His Word. Faith is alive! It grows and increases as you know Him more. See Romans 10:17!People can’t undo every wrong. They can’t give you back the years that they hurt you and put you at a disadvantage. The good news is, God can.Jesus is with you in the midst of your adversity. When He is with you, you do not need to be afraid nor dismayed. https://t.co/F25jM1tB6T https://t.co/rC4czdkQH2Sometimes it's easy 2 lose hope when you don't fully understand God's plan. It's also easy 2 lose hope when you are unsure if your plan is in alignment with His plan. But keep talking 2 God. Keep listening. Keep believing. Keep putting in the work. Know that He is still with you.It’s time to evict fear from the back room in your mind.When you honor God, God will always honor you. You can’t give God something without Him giving you more back in return.Seasons change in our lives. Old things pass away, but newness and life are just around the corner!NEW VIDEO: Don’t let anyone rush you with their timelines https://t.co/TgYA7tSc0n #success #Careers #Business #Education #learning https://t.co/yEmzGz12x8God always takes His children forward. He delights in increasing us. When you follow His ways, where you are today is not where you are going to stay!When you put your faith in Him and His finished work at the cross, He makes all things new. https://t.co/HZzzEmgXUaDon’t be frustrated because it’s unfair. God is keeping the records. You’re not doing it just for them; you’re doing it unto God. God knows how to make it up to you.Quit allowing others to control your happiness. Your life should still move forward...your life should still go on...with or without them.Everything you need is found in His presence! Open your heart to Him and let Him fill you with His peace, joy and strength!Today, refuse to let another person's negative attitude, negative beliefs, and negative mindset influence you! Change begins with you first!Be beautiful. https://t.co/NVUHu4Oz3zSomeone feels discouraged. But now is not the time to lose faith. This is the season of hope. Season of persistence. Preparation for greater things to come. Galatians 6:9 reads, "And let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not."Not every season is a harvest season. There are seasons of plowing and seasons of planting. No matter what season you are in, God is with you, and He’s preparing you to bloom!Remind yourself: God is present in my circumstances. He sees, He knows, and He is working all things out for the good.Sometimes God will take you places that you quite don't understand, but trust that there is great purpose behind His plan.When God brings it all together, it’s not going to be what you think. It’s going to be bigger, better, and more rewarding than you ever expected.God can open a door that you never knew even existed.In the middle of that challenge, you need to remind yourself of who you are. You are anointed, you are handpicked by God. He has crowned you with favor. He said He always causes you to triumph.You never have to wonder where God is. He is as close as the air you breathe. Call on Him and let Him take care of the things that concern you.Just because you're not where you want to be doesn't mean that you can't get there. Learn to maneuver around your obstacles.Pay attention to the small things in your life. Put them all in the hands of God. Let Him prune off the things that are weighing you down so you can grow and receive every blessing He has for you! https://t.co/N0sVDwXg0TYou’re not going to master the rest of your life in one day. Don’t stress. Master the day. Make this a daily reminder.The Lord, who is with you, will lead and guide you in whatever you do. Trust that He has good plans for you.Don’t live worried. There is a force working for you right in the middle of the storm that is greater than any force that’s trying to stop you.No acts of kindness go unnoticed. God sees what you do in secret, and He promises to reward you in the open. Work as unto the Lord because He will reward your faithfulness!Fear not… Trust in the Lord. https://t.co/DBnN5FAj3ySmile, things are working out. You may not see it now, but just know God is directing you.There is favor on your life that will cause you to prosper even in a desert. You will flourish even in famine. You don’t have to change jobs, change positions, change neighborhoods. God will cause you to succeed in the middle of the trouble."A heart at peace gives life to the body." Prov 14:30. The best thing you can do for your health is to be at peace with God!Whatever obstacle you face today, know that God will always lead you to a place of safety in Christ (see Deut 33:12).Your destiny is too important to let negativity hold you back. If God put something in your heart, know that He will equip you to bring it to past!Don’t be surprised when you find yourself in situations that seem like all the odds are against you. God puts us there on purpose so that when He turns it around, nobody will get the credit except Him.You don’t have to live stressed out. God has you in the palm of His hand. He’s not going to fail you. He’s faithful to His promises.Whatever you may be facing today, you can live with rest in your heart knowing that the Lord is your defense (see Ps 5:11).Don’t complain about who did you wrong and how unfair it was. If it were going to keep you from your destiny, God would not have permitted it. Shake it off and get ready for new doors to open, for new opportunities.Today I pray for those who feel like they have wasted time. You may have made some mistakes, but with God, nothing is ever wasted! He will redeem every moment lost!Although change can be scary, don't spend all of your time fearing the future that awaits you. Close your eyes and embrace it. God has equipped you with the wisdom &amp; strength to finish your race strong. Finish strong.Our Lord Jesus is gracious and FULL of compassion (see Ps 111:4). Be conscious of His love for you and see Him take care of your worries.God isn’t looking for perfection; He’s looking for ready and willing hearts toward Him.Faced with a major decision or need a solution to a challenge? Ask God for wisdom and see Him lead you to victory (see Jas 1:5).It's easy to become distracted by the obligations we have on a daily basis. Set your priorities. Keep your focus on God first, and everything else will fall into place.https://t.co/zv4HqmGgGENo matter what is happening around you, remember that God can use it to prepare you for your next step.How to build the perfect smoothie https://t.co/k0gRGIfK5v 
#Recipe #Organic #Vegan #GlutenFree #Smoothie #RawFood https://t.co/WzUaSln8fcYou won’t run and not be weary if you’re focused on your problems. What causes your strength to be renewed is when you live with expectancy and know that God is working in your life.Fear and worry will be replaced by God's life and health when you feed on His Word (see Prov 4:22)."'I will restore health to u &amp; heal u of your wounds,' says the Lord" (Jer 30:17).
 
 Trust in His promises of healing &amp; restoration for u.“The Lord himself goes before you and will be with you; he will never leave you nor forsake you. Do not be afraid; do not be discouraged.” 
Deut 31:8 NIV https://t.co/jAa2RLDptPYou don’t have to live upset and try to pay people back. You don’t have to straighten people out. Just run your race with purpose, focus, and joy. Learn to let things bounce off of you.When your surroundings look limited, keep your eyes on our limitless God!You can’t make people do what’s right. You can pray for them; you can encourage them, but they have their own free will. Don’t let them steal your joy.You may have had some disappointments or unfair things happen. Don’t dwell on the past, but focus on His promises!Say this prayer: "Lord Jesus, You have provided everything I need through the cross. I have Your divine health and favor today. Amen!"It may have been meant for your harm, but God is going to turn it into a footstool. It’s going to be a stepping stone to take you to the next level.God's not looking at your ability; He's looking at your availability. Keep yourself open to Him.It's hard to find what you're looking for if you aren't actively looking for what you want to find. You may be discouraged. You may be tired. But now isn't the time to stop moving your feet. Keep looking. Keep pushing. Keep doing the work. Soon, it will pay off.https://t.co/sikIYJydnVGod's power is made perfect in our weakness. When we come to the end of ourselves, God is just beginning!We weren’t created to reach one level and get stuck. He’s put more in you. He has new levels, new gifts, new talents."For He satisfies the longing soul,
And fills the hungry soul with goodness."
Ps 107:9Don't give up just because you face a struggle! If God has placed something in your heart, it's there for a purpose.Nobody is perfect, and that is okay. You live. You learn. You grow. Keep growing.God always leads you into victory (see 2Cor 2:14). You are an overcomer because of Him!You may have symptoms in your body, but they're not truth. God's Word IS TRUTH. God says, "By Jesus' stripes, u are healed" (see 1Pe 2:24).Today I pray that God will give you wisdom, strength, joy, hope and favor. I pray that doors will open for you that you never thought possible!God can do a lot with the little you have in your hand. Faith the size of a mustard seed can move mountains!Jesus took your shame when He wore the crown of thorns. Even in the middle of your storm, look to His sacrifice &amp; let His peace envelop you.Live fearlessly because God, Who created the heavens and the earth, is for you. He protects you and keeps you safe from harm (see Ps 56:11).Sometimes, it may appear that all doors are closed. Opportunity is no where to be found. But keep praying. Keep putting in the work. Keep running your race. God sees you. He also hears you. He's the ultimate play maker &amp; way maker. He's able to make the impossible...POSSIBLE.There's nothing that you can't overcome with God on your side.Sometimes, you may not realize your purpose until after God has taken you through the problems, the pains, and the plan! He has a plan!When people try to push you down, God will lift you up. When they try to make you look bad, He’ll cause you to shine.Just because things don't work out perfect does not mean that you give up! You keep fighting! You keep learning! You keep growing!God doesn’t waste anything. It’s all a part of the process. The difficulties, the delays, the unfair situations, if we keep the right attitude, it’s working for our good.Take a time out. Talk to God about whatever you're going through. Seek Him. Open your heart. Allow His Spirit to pour into you. He will give you peace.It’s much better to let God promote you, not people. Don’t get in a hurry. If you’ll let God do it His way, it will be better than anything you could have made happen.Don’t look back! When you look back, you go back and bring the past into the present. Let it go and press forward!You aren’t limited by your own ability and resources. Don’t just look at yourself, look at what God can do through you!God is personal! He meets us right where we are and takes us to where we need to be.Just because you don't physically see your victory doesn't mean that your victory doesn't exist.You don’t have to defend yourself. God said that He will defend you. He will protect your reputation.Believe that God's protection is over you. God has promised that "no weapon formed against you shall prosper" (Isa 54:17).As the world celebrates love today, know that you are loved by the God who is Love!“The Lord will guarantee a blessing on everything you do…The Lord your God will bless you in the land he is giving you” (Deut 28:8 NLT).Grace is the key to holiness. That is why it is so important for every child of God to become established in His perfect love and anchored in His unconditional grace toward them. Grace imparts to us the power to perform and to live a life above defeat. https://t.co/Xi8nPpQLXcDon’t waste your valuable time with people that can’t celebrate the blessing God put on your life. Don’t apologize for it. You didn’t choose it, God chose you.When God decides to bless you He’ll show you mercy that you didn’t deserve, favor that you didn’t earn. It wasn’t anything you did, it's simply the favor of God.God’s mercies are fresh and new every day! When we call on Him, He promises to answer and supply all of our needs.Anytime you try to make progress in life, there will be opposition. But with God on your side, you can stand strong and find victory!People may rule you out, they may tell you it’s not going to happen, but God has the final say. When He decides to bless you, He’s going to make something happen that you didn’t see coming.As you fix your eyes on God's faithfulness, you'll find the faith to receive your miracle (see Heb 11:11).Thank you Lord. https://t.co/6TS8DYz94USometimes you need to thank God for what didn’t happen. Thank Him for the enemies He’s stopped that you knew nothing about.If your heart’s been broken, the Lord wants to heal you and bind up your wounds (Psalm 147:3). You can find comfort and restoration in Him.You can't hold on to your faith and hold on to your fear at the same time. You have to choose one or the other.Don’t take for granted what God has done. Keep it on the forefront of your mind. You’re not just lucky. His hand is on your life.Don’t allow the pains of the past to steal the promises of tomorrow! Forgive, let go of bitterness, and move forward in victory!We’re not going to understand everything that happens. If you try to figure it all out then you’ll get frustrated. Trust in God.God didn’t create us to be overwhelmed by life, He created us to be overcomers in life!Some people will never support you because they’re afraid of what you might become...DO IT ANYWAY!Success doesn't come by striving to achieve God's blessings, but by receiving His favor, healing, &amp; protection through Jesus' finished work.Circumstances will change, but God’s goodness never changes. Set your focus on Him and get ready to embrace the blessings He has for your future!God‘s shalom is perfect. It means peace on the inside and peace on the outside—peace in your mind and health in your body (see Isa 26:3). This is the wholeness God wants to give you! https://t.co/7pEXre9wFVWhen we make mistakes, God doesn’t abandon us. He’s full of mercy. You may turn your back on Him, but He won’t turn His back on you.https://t.co/L4555ZhxFySomeone is tired. Physically, mentally, emotionally, or spiritually drained. Today, take a break. Allow God and His word to fill you back up.The joy of the Lord is strength! Rejoice in His goodness today and let Him empower you to overcome in every area of your life!Don’t put God in a “Sunday” box! He wants to be involved in your life 24 hours a day, 7 days a week!You’ve been faithful, you’ve honored God. Now He’s about to show out in your life. Start each day, “Father, thank You that You’re going to exceed my expectations.”God has great things in store for you.If you don’t understand some things in your life right now, trust God and keep moving forward. In time, it will all become clear!Wherever you are, you are blessed! “Blessed shall you be in the city, and blessed shall you be in the country” (Deut 28:3).When we treat others with respect, help those who need it, and strive to become better people, we show the world that God lives within us.When you develop trust, you let God do it His way. If the door opens, you thank Him; if it doesn’t open, you still thank Him.When worry comes, remind yourself of His promises. Feed your faith! That problem didn’t come to stay, it came to pass!One touch of God’s favor can put you light years ahead! Don’t look at what you have in your hand, look to Him!This is going to be a year where God exceeds your expectations. He’s not going to do what you’re asking for; He’s going to exceed it.No matter where you are in life, God has a purpose for you! He never wastes a moment. He never wastes an opportunity!Who we seek advice from is important. Everyone who acts friendly isn't a friend. Ask God to place someone in your path whom you can trust.Sometimes your enemies will do more to promote you than your friends. They thought they were going to stop you, discourage you, intimidate you, but they didn’t realize God used them to light a fire on the inside.You may not be exactly where you want to be, but you must believe with all of your heart that you will get there. No matter what you have gone through. No matter what you are going through. By the grace of God, you will get there! ✨God is a supernatural God. He specializes in exceeding our expectations. What He has planned for you is bigger, more rewarding, more fulfilling than you’ve dreamed.It may feel as if all the forces of darkness are coming against you, but the Scripture promises that with God on your side, you have all the resources you need to have complete victory.As you realize the Lord is with you, His presence will guide you to make the right decisions for you and your family (see Prov 3:6).Need healing? Keep feeding on God's Word. Speak it and declare it over yourself. By His Word, God heals His people (see Ps 107:20).Life isn't always perfect ... but my God is always perfect. So thankful for his grace and love.When difficulties come, God says that because you're His child, because you honor Him, even though that problem has formed, in the end it is not going to prosper!What God has set up will find you. You won’t have to go after it, it will come after you.When you are worried and fearful, let God fill you with ALL joy and peace and bring hope into your situation (see Rom 15:13 NIV).Don’t let worry cloud your thinking or affect your choices. We aren’t meant to be directed by worry; we are meant to be directed by the Spirit of God.Whatever it is, give it to God and get some rest.What God has ordained, no person can stop. If you’ll keep honoring Him and being your best, what He has set up will find you. You won’t have to go after it; it will come after you.Start your day by spending time with God. Let Him order your steps in the path of blessing and victory each and every day!https://t.co/vwAT3QxHaD