try to stay cynical and slightly distanthowever you want to identify sexually, the Rock is inherently an attractive personhi everyone just wanted to let u know, its okay. whatever it is right now that you cant live up to, its okay. if you need to hear it right now at this very moment, here: it's okay. you're doing your best. it's okay. one day at a time.eyes are the window to

a dark cave

with a small very sensitive thing on the other side of the darkness

trying to make sense of the lightyour life will fall apart on the insidea ball of confusion and desire, craving sex and food and lovesuffering is not entirely arbitrary“I only wear theater costumes,” he saidSATAN: ur dead now. come w/ me. take this elevator to hell
ME: shoud be caled a hellevator 
SATAN: (sighes) ur free to go. go. go to heavenbitterness and ill will incarnategirl who loves books and hates idiots and authoritariansWe all had dreams when we were youngerone neat thing abot music is it literaly distracts ur brain from being able to listen to itself worryprety cool how small talk has gone from "nice weather we're having, isnt it" to "everything is terible and the world is on fire, isnt it"list of math holidays
mar 14: pi day (π)
feb 71: ℯ day (ℯ)
jan 61: phi day (φ)
any day without feeling terror and dread: imaginary day (i)nothing real succeedsmy beloved Breakfast, Lunch and Dinnerthe banal flow of day-to-day life, that pervades all of human existenceNo joke the number of times an emoji is typed does have meaning!

E.g., a response of one emoji is acknowledgment; three is enthusiasm! https://t.co/5FCqSovwd6when u make a art then realize by doing so u have externalized and concretized a versiom of ur internal self and it helps u love who u are https://t.co/UX1trJqxcKWhen the version of you the world prefers is safe &amp; cute but youre actually ferocious but also sometimes quietly enjoy being cute in private https://t.co/tEj73gtPEaa reckless and irresponsible young woman who attempted to incite others to violence and cared little for the consequencesa library's purpose isnt to contain all the knowledge in the world but to contain enough to inspire evry person in the world to go make morenobody has ever figured out where to beginWhat’s the point in anything? Burn it downhow to write a love letter:
1. pretemd u've never ever heard anybody ever describe wat love feels like
2. now try to describe itif u believe in love, u have to believe that everyone deserves love. if u dont believe that everyone deserves love, u do not believe in loveconvenient habit of blacking outWorth reading.

https://t.co/vnwlzbLxi4rely on avoidance coping strategies such as ignoring or simply worryinginstead of lookig at what inspires u with the mindset of "what can i do similar to this" try "wow look at all the things they got away with"Why can’t you be niceralternately vulnerable and annoyedthe year is 2018. we carry pocket dictionaries because, while we no longer understand the definitions, they remind us that they once existedwe cannot let the world be defined by those who wish to make it smalleri think part of what compels us to make things is some belief that our work is more deserving of attention than our selvesif science is about solving the worlds problems, then maybe art is about accepting themto be honest i just hope that before i die i can make somthing that makes somone feel the way i feel when im around my favorite works of arti think people give up on their dreams because eventually it hurts too much to keep having themi hope you keep hoping while i will keep hoping your hope will survive your paingreat art is supposed to inspire so why does it make me feel like an empty roomone day in the midst of traveling u realize all airports are designed the same and u feel more at home than u have in lifetimestell as many stories as you can, in as many ways as you can, in the time that you canwords are bricks, sticks, stones, and if u arrange them in certain ways the mortar gets stronger. build homes, schools, stages, never wallsmy heart beats louder when ur near, hopimg desperabtely against all odds that ur heart wil hear itart allows us to remember things we have never done and places we have never beenart is the byproduct of what happens when you try to discover what is at the end of your heartthe more isolated we feel, the more we cling to art and music to feel connected to other people who are clinging to those same things tooart is the moon that we ask ourselves who else is staring atart is the translation of ur soul into a observable form. always remeber that it is that translation u are showing, and not ur soul itselfmaking art is one of the only ways we can tell ourselves who we once weresometimes the only win u can get is that today simply exists, that the universe has not decided to stop, and that tomorrow will exist toomy friend asked me if i was happy &amp; i said i think im going to be &amp; my friend said maybe thats the closest we'll come &amp; maybe thats hapinessif u squeeze any vegetabel hard enough it will yield juice just like if u put enough presure and stress on any human they will yield tearsa friend is any person or any thing who lets u experience a life that you would never be able to understand without themits ok that some days u identify only as the bones holding up the weight of ur bodywe began writing bc we once thought we'd find the perfect words to express ourselves, and now we can never stop bc we know we never willwe keep getting new mornings even when we dont deserve them. sometimes thats the only reason we can call them good.never be sad abot the past. it has alredy hapened and you canot change it. instead, focus on wat truly matters: being sad abot the futureevery flower that grows in a city is beautiful for the simple fact that it is protestinga bad dream can ruin ur day but a unchased dream can ruin ur lifelife is like a box of chocolates, mass produced and completly unoriginal, with the illusion of choice and the false promise of diversiteywe view great people as immortal not because what they do while they are here avoids death, but because what they leave behind defies itto experience somebodys art is to be invited into a silent conversation they are having with themselvesi want to fill a museum with every smile youve ever madei woud say u are the person of my dreams but the truth is i am not creative enough to dream of a person like youthe truth is we all achieve greatness; the only difference is the size of our audienceswe revrse gravitey adn fal into the sky. we land softley in the clouds adn form new life. somtimes we look up adn womder wat we left behimdur purpose in the universe may not hapen during ur lifetime. a thousamd years from now, two ppl may fall in love over the dust u left behindif u think of ur heart as a egg then perhaps u can convince urself it was meant to break for just long enough that somthing new can growwe internalize traits we observe in others as a way to honor and remember them. we are all walking memorialsearly humans discover crying: "we must be carryimg the ocean inside of us" one whispres. "then we must be gentle with it" whispers anotherur entire life's purpose is to act as a mediating bridge, to introduce the universe from before u were born to the universe after u diea flair for the dorkyi am very SAD

S - sad
A - am i sad
D - dats right im sadwhen u draw a happy face, evrybody who sees the happy face feels happy

except for u, becuase u know u just drew two dots and a curvealone in my alonenessmaybe you weren’t feeling all that great about yourselfu owe your sense of rhythm to your mothers heartbeat, and how loudly it rang in your ears when u called her womb your homea blight on the world somewhere between incest and folk-dancingprayer offerings: beera rare and beautiful beast, yes — bounding over the mountainsides of academiadeath is sadnooccasional forays into seriousnesstalked endlessly and evinced little or no real feelingincreasingly unappealing and uninterestingannoyance has taken overYOU ARE the last page of a book i dont want to end, i rest my hand over ur final line bc i fear my eyes will skip to it before i am meant toteenagers, bouncingDENTIST: how often do u brush
ME: twice a day
DENTIST: and floss?
ME: same
DENTIST: and tell ur dentist u love them?
ME: oh. [looks away] umThe first thing was to drink myself into a stupor@AmazingPhil also if you move your finger (or mouse) over this gif you can make me do some super attractive facesyou are entitled to have things just as you want themjust another millennial with an identity crisismy amazon wishlist:
the copy of ur favorite book which u carried with u &amp; read on the train &amp; underlined all the passages which made u pauseit feels like an empty hug when sombody says u remind them of sombody else bc it implies the warmth of closeness without actual closeness"IM DYING" and "DEAD" and "IM CRYING" are out.. the new way to react to somthing hilarious is "I FEEL VEREY SAD AND AM GONA DIE ALONE 😂😂😂😂"too smart, too independent for most menif you happen to have a demonic sock puppet attached to your left hand, it can’t help but take up most of your attentionsleeping or possibly deadjust poured boiling water into my cereal instead of the coffee today is clearly already a flop i'm going back to bedlow-grade tipsiness is the correct stateimagine sombody who consistently ruins all their meals by thinkig they like hot sauce and then just adding waay too much hot sauce. thats mesuround urself with peopel who are so important to ur life that they make u believe in fateME: IF HUMANS COUNT IN BASE-10 BC WE HAV 10 FINGERS, DO SLOTHS COUNT IN BINARY
JUDGE: i meant do u have any more questions for the witnessWhoever falls in love with me is in troublethe natural solution is murderthe best thing you can do is cultivate a close relationship with a good wineshoutout to the real winners of the #Oscars this evening - visibility for lgbt, climate change, sexual abuse victims and #blacklivesmatter 👍do you see urself in all the peopel u meet, or do u see all the peopel u meet within urself. are u the definition or what is being definedtempted to sit back and not trysunlight? Not goodwhat constitutes real lifeFood, sex and arthumiliation is ahead — much like lifeemotional neglect and the crushing expectations of society*refuses to acknowlege my problems thereby makig me unable to change or grow as a person*
damn denial, back at it again with the spite danceBest opening paragraph of a physics textbook, ever. (Source: https://t.co/Vo0x2YdtnV) https://t.co/t9wyfXJDMTheres a secrebt: ur alowed to celebrate the briliance of others without devaluing urself. prety cool rightthe pleasure of thinking, thank God that’s not mekind of want to just lay down and weep“Love thy neighbor” is the most common search with the word “neighbor” in it, but right behind at No. 2 is “neighbor porn.”the voice bellows,ＩＦ ＹＯＵＲＥ ＨＡＰＰＹ &amp; ＹＯＵ ＫＮＯＷ ＩＴ ＣＬＡＰ ＹＯＵＲ ＨＡＮＤＳ. the world falls silent. a child begins to clap but her mother stops hertalking way too much about things that should never be mentionedPlaces #Lucifer has been kicked out of...
Heaven. That's it.vicious dandelion fluffsranging in personal discomfort level from mildly embarrassing to horrifically mortifyingHow dare you have a bag of vegetablesNo one tell her! #Lucifer https://t.co/klWkUG4AKQreality is irrelevantIs it puppies? 🐶 #Lucifer https://t.co/s9Da6E4UzDunhinged by resentment and hostilityIf you think you can figure this out, then by all means tweet us. #Lucifer is all-new Monday at 9/8c! https://t.co/oaXU1DX9dsThe dream team. #Lucifer https://t.co/vBeJjvttPbYou win! #CursedChild is a play and while we have worked very closely on it, the wonderful writer is @jackthorne  https://t.co/MpM5zMoiJNBishan-Ang Mo Kio Park otter family grows with birth of 5 new pups https://t.co/n6mcdJ5TLQ https://t.co/aNPHOBfN89Maze is always up for some punishment. #Lucifer https://t.co/2fJ81Cd3Sqthe whole audience is dogsWay better lyrics tbh https://t.co/MOXChQmWudpick a side?? no thanks marvel i choose let's sit down and talk this overIt's kind of his thing. #Lucifer https://t.co/be7bJeRqx9Ernest Hemingway with pigeons, Piazza San Marco, Venice, Italy, 1954. https://t.co/xu2c6PFLNO#Lucifer: a club owner guy that grants people favors.The year of the monkey... or the year of #Lucifer? 🐒 #ChineseNewYear https://t.co/fsxpCdYC22They're bothering a unique, valuable human being who deserves happiness. Ask for help. Don't fight alone. Big hug. https://t.co/V8ocAHN1Llself-conscious little internal voice, the one that keeps experiences at bay by critiquing them even as they happencommitted to having a really strange lifedoing the hokeypokey and turning myself about — I have made it my business to avoid these things