hatred keeps people stuckIt’s always the people with no magic, always trying to tell you what to do with yours . .Because they have girlfriends https://t.co/TEMz1VVSnFDon’t ever make the same mistakesPositive thoughts give you a glow. Your aura radiates. Your energy becomes magnetic.Thank you for these miracles that are happening in my life. I am so blessed. I am so grateful. Thank you.But....they're still stale https://t.co/BYxqk3SqIspeople in relationships are always saying " it's just instagram " to justify some fucked up thing their partner is doing on IG https://t.co/AOpPlRjz1Aliterally just saw a 10 year old girl wearing a shirt with sparkles that said "doing my best" fucking same bitch where'd you get thatniggas be 30 years old talkin bout some "👀"......um excuse me sir, how about we use our big boy wordsIt is not titles that honor men, but men that honor titles.she’s evolving, don’t distract herInvest in faith dailyWhen pineapples are dark yellow I know they’re about to be hellaaaa goodkeep tryinghe can't love you if he can't love himselfAdulting: wanting to be invited but not wanting to goWe don’t grow when things are easy, we grow when we face challenges.I choose to believe that things can and will get better.how about we stop worshiping celebrities. boom. problem solved.Time will tell who is on my sideConstantly bringing up the past keeps you stuck thereWanna see the worst drivers in the world? Drive through Scarborough...Choose WiselyGet right with yourself. Conquer yourself. The rest of the world is easy after that.I pray for the world to have happier couples, healthier households, and more positive energy.Positive Vibes Only!May you receive some good news in the next 24hrs.Watch who u call your bro...food for thoughtSpeak it into existenceThere's one thing that I notice you lose friends when you're focused.Free ya mind &amp; everything will followDeleting social media isnt getting your life together lol 🤣I am ready to experience a miracle today.the subconscious never lies 😴To heal a wound
You must stop scratching itBehind every successful person is a substantial amount of coffee.Yup, it's windy.Be kind
not blindYou gained attention, but lost respect. Was it worth it?Persist.. . and one of the hardest battles you’ll ever have to fight is between what you know and what you feel.worst thing u can ever do is fight w someone about ur worth! trying to explain to them who u are, what ur value is &amp; what u bring to the table.. anyone who gives a fuck about u wouldn’t even question u about ur worth! step up, claim ur worth &amp; stand by it! no discussion required!Anything that makes you feel creative, do it without fearliving my purpose and becoming my best version. life what’s really good?! 🙃Happy hour, but ice cream instead of alcohol.I'm blessed thank you God.As soon as we cling to an ideology, wisdom disappears.Do you believe in the Law of Attraction ?I hope everyone’s followers are as supportive as mine. https://t.co/Nr1ZGLXByTUse your energy better.Everything is an opportunity to learn.I don't wanna see any more snow after this week.When a man is walking in his purpose there is only room for one woman to walk with him.Blessed are those who make people feel blessedI need more money to buy stuff.a man who values himself will never cheat on their partner.Happy #NationalNappingDay! How do you sleep? https://t.co/xmweay3YUYSomething great is about to happen for you this week.I really need to stop expecting people to reply in 30 seconds..Only God Knows.signs of jealousy 🤘🏾hate is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die 😘Peace of mind is my number one priority.Hope Beyoncé’s having a good dayDon’t force your insecurities on me.  I can’t help you.  I got my own shit, hunny.You're either choosing to be happy now or you're making excuses for not choosing to be happy.she didn’t quit
she never stayed down
she refused to give in

they all tried to break her
but she continued 
to evolve 

you are powerful 
do not forget this 

#internationalwomensday2018Nothing can stop your greatness.Consistency is sexy.Looked up "fake love" in the dictionary and a picture of the comments under a girls Instagram post showed upbeautiful piece 💛 https://t.co/ME0qBhH4oVBe gentle with yourself:
You are doing the best you can.If we can’t grow together, we must grow apart.Your inner peace is more important than anything right now.Get out of your own way.Speaking things into existence on a daily basis.comfort does not equate to happiness.Idc how I'm viewed, I know meDeclare that you’ll no longer give your energy and attention to negativity.May the next few months be a period of beautiful transformations for you.Remember, whatever you're grateful for multiplies.  Gratitude is the great multiplier!Once you’ve tasted respect… Attention ain’t that sweet anymore..I profess , 2018 is the year niggas with good intentions do well.Everyone wants a powerful beautiful woman until you start dating her and realize you have to step your own shit up.Ok her ass fat but does she recycleKeep your heart pure and your intentions honest.the silence and awkwardness of the Stacy Dash Oscar appearance https://t.co/scJ1yvsqNxSOUL ON, ego off.The universe keeps blessing me.but first, self loveThe more you love who you are, the less you seek validation and approval from others.27. Amy Winehouse winning “Record Of Year,” her reaction was so priceless, and wholesome. We miss Amy so much ❤️ https://t.co/mkO39egNIeMay all the obstacles that stand in your way be removed.As I flow with the universe I find it easier to win at life..2:43am...i love my wife so much. i say this while realizing that this hour of the night/morning is so much easier when you have someone to share it with.Share ur love share ur giftsWhen u learn everything u see negative in a person is a reflection of urself u realize u might be an asshole too lolYou will manifest everything you want. Keep believing it until it happens.I pray that whoever reads this, God gets you through anything you’re struggling with.catching higher vibrations. ✌🏻Great things are about to happen for me this week. I’m going to have a positive mindset and look forward to unexpected blessings and sudden surprises.i pray that you’re in perfect peace in this moment.We all know fear. But passion makes us fearlessEverything that happens helps you grow, even if it’s hard to see right now.It’s the year of manifesting your greatest dreams.