Every day is a NEW beginning, take a deep breath and START AGAIN.This kid got my life together in less than a minute https://t.co/w5uxevUUsZSome days you just have to create your own sunshine.https://t.co/xJ2zTyH3b1RETWEET if you remember this ICONIC Cookie moment! 💅🏾 #Empire #ThrowbackThursday https://t.co/BDXDy8OfVjThis is what I want by next summer. I have a goal and I'm gonna do it. https://t.co/GTf1XZnNHQToday is another chance to get it right.Don't let the shadows of yesterday block out the sun from today.The hardest part about accepting the saying "everything happens for a reason" is waiting for that reason to come along.No matter how big the obstacles are. It’s not going to stop you; it’s going to promote you. It’s not permanent; it’s temporary.God, please give us the courage to accept things for what they are, but to never lose hope that things will always get better.Obstacles are placed in our way to see if what we want is really worth fighting for.GOD LOVES YOU!
- He will be there for you.
- He will make a way for you.
- He will wipe away your tears.
- He will be your best friend.Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.Happiness is in the heart, not in the circumstances.Forgiving your enemies doesn't help them; it helps you.In life, many things don't go according to plan. If you fall, get back up. If you stumble, re-gain your balance. Never give up.Dream it.
Believe it.
Achieve it.The mind is everything; what you think, you become.The only person you should try to be better than, is the person you were yesterday.I'm not crying, you’re cr... actually we’re all crying. 

Emotional stuff from Eddie and Pat on @WGNTV. We're all behind you, Edzo. https://t.co/N0Ghmqlx1yGreat to see Edzo in the building tonight! HUGE cheer for Mr. Olczyk as he's shown on the scoreboard. #Blackhawks https://t.co/ZGt501tqrHTo Do List:
Drink water.
Sleep more.
Drink tea.
Exercise more.
Eat healthier.
Smile more.RETWEET if you think Cookie and Lucious deserve their forever! ❤️ #Empire https://t.co/RVttztI5hTExercise is powerful and when you get moving, you WILL be in a better mood, guaranteed! https://t.co/tkTeRWWSbWWe all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.You Have To Get Up Every Morning And Tell Yourself - "I Can Do This!" #motivation #empire #empirefox #empireseason3 https://t.co/kLQ5BdYP48Making someone smile when they're feeling down is one of the best feelings in the world.RETWEET if you're ready for another explosive season of #Empire! 💥 Tune in this Wednesday at our new time of 8/7c. https://t.co/6CBSNbtGaw https://t.co/DKCQ5ARVniWhen you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.Don't give up on your dreams. If you fall, get back up and keep trying until you succeed.You grow when you stretch yourself. When you push yourself. When you feel the fear, but you jump anyway. https://t.co/76y8VepCIlGod made you to do great things so go out and do them.I want you to make a decision now that because you serve an excellent God, you are going to be excellent in everything you do! #LoveLife35You Have To Get Up Every Morning And Tell Yourself - "I Can Do This!" #motivation #empire #empirefox #empireseason3 https://t.co/kLQ5BdYP48Raise your hand if you're ready for the season premiere of #Empire in 6 DAYS on Wednesday, September 27 at 8/7c! 🙋🏾 https://t.co/Mmx5bSXaweFigure out the habits of successful people, and adopt them so that they become YOUR habits as well!Being successful in life is all about having the proper belief system in who you are.The fabulous @serayah takes you into the studio for the making of ✨ "Starlight" ✨ from #Empire. Season 4 premieres on September 27 at 8/7c! https://t.co/tGmQfbBh6NTo deal with life’s setbacks, focus on the things you can control. Things like you attitude, your heart, and how you treat others.Retweet if you're excited for the special premiere of #Empire and @STAR on Wednesday, September 27 starting at 8/7c! 👑✨ https://t.co/eT8utGclEDPretending to be happy when you're in pain is just an example of how strong you are as a person.The first step to change is admitting that you have a problem.RETWEET if you'll be joining the Lyon pride in 3 weeks for the #Empire season premiere on September 27 at 8/7c! https://t.co/S9pvZOtpqFThe first step to change is admitting that you have a problem.Always end the day with a positive thought. No matter how hard things were, tomorrow's a fresh opportunity to make it better.I'm never shocked when people let me down nowadays. I just hate the fact that i put myself in a position to be let down in the first place.The strongest people are not those who show strength in front of us, but those who win battles we know nothing about.No one's going to ride in on a white horse with a shield to save the day. It's up to you.Decide today that your only option is success - and then get started right away. https://t.co/FoL5X6czsNWhen you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot &amp; hang on. -Franklin D. RooseveltDon't speak unless you can improve the silence.Worry does nothing but steal your joy and keep you very busy doing nothing.Expect the BEST. Prepare for the WORST. Forget what others THINK.God is saying today, "Stop worrying. Stop stressing. Give Me your cares and concerns, and I will take care of you."You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have.It's never too late to become a fitter healthier person.The Lyons stick together. 🦁 RETWEET if you'll be watching #Empire TONIGHT at 9/8c. https://t.co/bDi9v51KEKDream it.
Believe it.
Achieve it.By leaving behind ur old self &amp; taking a leap of faith into the unknown, u find out what u are truly capable of becoming."It's not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness." -Charles Spurgeon #20ways #enjoylifeNo one can go back and make a brand new start; however anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.Every day is a NEW beginning, take a deep breath and START AGAIN.Realize that if you have time to whine and complain about something then you have time to do something about it. - Anthony D'AngeloYou've got one job, and that is to get better..Sometimes God doesn't change your situation because He's trying to change your heart.If you want to fly, you have to give up the stuff that weighs you down.Always end the day with a positive thought. No matter how hard things were, tomorrow's a fresh opportunity to make it better.Don't put the key to your happiness in someone else's pocket.Don't worry; it never helps anything.
• Pray
• Trust God
• Let it goSkinny looks good in clothes but FIT and STRONG looks good naked.Good luck in the #StanleyCup Playoffs, @NHLBlackhawks! Bring the Cup back to Chicago. #ONEGOAL https://t.co/SnqwOG1uaYOf course it's hard. It's supposed to be hard, If it were easy, everybody would do it. Hard is what makes it great.Never give up. Always find a reason to keep trying.You become what you believe.Peace is not the absense of trouble, but the presence of Christ.Sometimes it takes sadness to know happiness, noise to appreciate silence and absence to value presence.Don't make excuses for why you can't get it done. Focus on all the reasons why you must make it happen.Confidence. Self-love. Acceptance.If another person can lose weight, get fit and toned I can too. There is no reason why I can't do exactly the same thing.A goal without a plan is just a wish!Don't let another month go to waste.If you want it, work for it. It's that simple.I will tone it up.  I will lose inches. I will build lean muscles. I will work hard. I will earn results. I WILL BE PROUD.You can overcome anything. Change your mind. Change your actions. Change your life.Wishing won't change anything. Go make it happen.To pray is to let go and let God take over. -Phil. 4:6-7Turn your wounds into wisdom.Worry often gives a small thing a great shadow. -Swedish ProverbDon't compare your body to others. Instead, work to be your personal best.Fitness is the healthiest addiction.Good things might come to those who wait, but they come much faster to those who get up and get it done.Wake up and get your ass to the gym!!God only gives you one life. Sculpt your perfect body. Be the person you aspire to be. Love what you do. Live with passion. Regret nothing.Replace every negative thought with a positive one. Replace every worry with faith. Replace every problem with courage to find a solution.You are not what has happened to you. You are what you choose to become.We shouldn’t be at the same level this year as we were five years ago. It’s time to kick it into gear.Fitness starts in your head. You must choose to eat clean, Exercise regularly and treat your body with respect.https://t.co/HZvxn1kSqUWhen you're feeling discouraged, imagine how you would feel if you quit completely. Keep going. It's better than giving up.Never let ANYTHING or ANYONE ever stop you or get in the way of you achieving your goals.  If you never give up, you will never lose.Realize that if you have time to whine and complain about something then you have time to do something about it. - Anthony D'AngeloIf you really want something, &amp; really work hard, &amp; take advantage of opportunities, &amp; never give up, you will find a way. -Jane GoodallEverything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay, it's not the end. https://t.co/REfxRUkGRNYou'll never leave where you are until you decide where you'd rather be.We can't become what we need to be by remaining what we are.If you want to get over a problem, stop talking about it. Your mind affects your mouth, and your mouth affects your mind.Don't try to understand everything. Sometimes it is not meant to be understood, just accepted.The hardest part about accepting the saying "everything happens for a reason" is waiting for that reason to come along.Happiness will come to you when it comes from you. Success will be yours when you choose to take responsibility for making it so.Don't do your best, do whatever it takes.Don't compare your results to someone else's. You can never be another person, you can only be a better version of yourself.Haters are like crickets. They make a lot of noise, you hear it but you can't see them. Then right when you walk by them, they're quiet.A skinny margarita is better than a regular one or a beer... But if you wanna meet your goals you gotta kick alcohol!Stop waiting for the perfect moment. Take the moment you have and make it perfect.Good things come to those who believe, better things come to those who are patient, and the best things come to those who don't give up.Those who move forward with a happy spirit will find that things always work out.There comes a time when you have to choose between turning the page and closing the book.A lot of our frustration over our weaknesses comes from us trying to impress ourselves with our own perfection.Let go of the small things. Everything doesn't have to be perfect before you enjoy your life.You are loved.
You are wonderfully made.
You are beautiful.
You have purpose.
You are a masterpiece.
God has a great plan for you.Part of starting your journey to health and fitness begins with seeing yourself as you want to be. Believe it, then go after it.A secret to happiness is letting every situation be what it is instead of what you think it should be, and then making the best of it.Strength doesn't come from what you can do. It comes from overcoming the things you once thought you couldn't.Retweet if you haven't done your Christmas shopping yet...  https://t.co/o3MAesuHk0Today is the oldest you've ever been, and the youngest you'll ever be again. So live life to the fullest today, and have no regrets.Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay, it's not the end. https://t.co/V67e5M3qcIOver-thinking ruins you. Ruins the situation, twists things around, makes you worry and just makes everything much worse than it actually isJust because you can't see the air, doesn't mean you stop breathing. Just because you can't see God doesn't mean you stop believing.Stop hating yourself for everything you aren't and start loving yourself for everything you already are.1) Think positivly
2) Exercise daily
3) Eat healthy
4) Work hard
5) Stay strong
6) Worry less
7) Pray more
8) Be happyBy leaving behind ur old self &amp; taking a leap of faith into the unknown, u find out what u are truly capable of becoming.Dogs Keep Us GROUNDED. RT if you agree. -&gt; https://t.co/BbE7WULSum https://t.co/fjszeg1h8a90% of your success depends on what happens in the kitchen. What you do in the gym is only supplemental to your diet.Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. -Martin Luther King Jr.To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish, then resolve to pay the price to get it.#SundayFunday https://t.co/fcTuItC6NgThe BEST part about getting fit is that it's all about YOU and YOUR improvements. No comparisons, no judgement, just determination.Whenever we quit trying to do it ourselves and start allowing the Lord to give us His favor, it creates within us a grateful heart.Looking back, makes you smart. 
Looking forward, makes you mature. 
Looking down, makes you wise. 
Looking UP, makes you strong.When you lose something, don't think of it as a loss; accept it as the gift that gets you on the path you were meant to travel on.The only people worthy to be in your life are the ones that help you through the hard times and laugh with you after the hard times pass.You can ALWAYS make a comeback.  I don't care how bad of a setback, how long it's been, or how hopeless it feels. YOU. CAN. ALWAYS. DO. IT.We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.Look up, get up, and don't ever give up.When fear comes knocking at your door, you must answer it with faith. Nothing else is effective against it.If you want something different You Gotta do something different. - Nathaniel WilliamsThe happiest people don't have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything they have.People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.1) Think positivly
2) Exercise daily
3) Eat healthy
4) Work hard
5) Stay strong
6) Worry less
7) Pray more
8) Be happyBeing happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.Never hold your head down, never say you can't, never limit yourself, and never stop believing.Life isn't measured by the breathes we take but the moments that take our breath away.You're not going to see results you want from 10 years of unhealthy living in just 1 month. Keep calm and KEEP GOING!Being defeated is often a temporary condition; giving up is what makes it permanent.Sometimes you have to get knocked down lower than you've ever been, to stand up taller than you than you ever were.Hope... Sometimes that's all you have when you have nothing else. If you have it, you have everything.The moment we pray, the tide of the battle turns. You may still be in the storm, but you’ll make it to the other side!Any time you feel like the world is coming against you, take comfort knowing that God will fight your battles for you!Worrying will never change the outcome.There comes a time when you have to choose between turning the page and closing the book.You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have.Do you wanna see your biggest opponent? Look in the mirror.God's "no" is not a rejection, it's a redirection.You may look into your mirror and see flaws, but someone else looks at you, and only sees beauty.Have the courage to make the change, the strength to see you through it, and faith that everything will turn out for the best.You are not what has happened to you. You are what you choose to become.No one   is perfect. https://t.co/Tohf1jyJJKWe need to learn how to make choices that will give us the results we want. #SeizeTheDayBe sure to taste your words before you spit them out.The only workout you'll ever regret is the one you didn't do.Don't look back when you know you shouldn't.
Don't stress over things that don't matter.
Don't worry about thinks you can't control.God only gives you one life. Sculpt your perfect body. Be the person you aspire to be. Love what you do. Live with passion. Regret nothing.A goal without a plan is just a wish.😩😩😭 https://t.co/fBMLkLWkE4