Listen I don’t know a THING about sports but I just found out Bryce Harper exists so I guess I’m now rooting for...........Walgreens? https://t.co/8whTLTTaFsdrunk girls at bars: ok, listen britney, it is britney right? ok listen britney. you. are a GODDESS. you're too good for any man. I love you and your cute top

drunk guys at bars: did you just fuckin breathe on me? fuckin breathe on me again bro gimme a reason to knock you outmen should be glad women want equality not revengeWhy do men always speak to me like they're explaining stuff to me. I am smarter than you. Thank you.Face the facts. https://t.co/RwLt7T0RlFVenmo me if u have a crush on meWell, it was fun y'all. KState may have won (50-43), but we hope to have won your hearts.THEY’RE GOOD RETRIEVERS, BRENTCan’t take me to a movie cause you’re not allowed to bring in snacksyour kids can miss 17 minutes of paw patrol in respect for the 17 sets of parents who no longer have their children https://t.co/i5mmr9RcrEdo you ever just... https://t.co/ujp9XwRfRxPlease note: We have a snow day here in Boston so this is not about getting out of class. These kids showed up on a day when there was no school. https://t.co/CFZ4hggDeqClosure is overrated AF. 
He don’t care sis lol.Flint:
3 years.
10 Months.
16 Days.
No Clean Water. 
They repaint this everyday.. https://t.co/jaWAGv6kdpI actually love Valentine's Day bc it's an excuse to get drunk and bitch about being single which is what I do for fun anyways but on Valentine's Day it's like, acceptable"girls dont mature faster than boys, girls are punished from an early age for the same behaviour that boys are allowed to indulge in well into adulthood"

LOUDER FOR THE PEOPLE AT THE BACKSaw one of the cutest girls i’ve ever seen in my life on campus today, got home and she came up on my Instagram explore page. Say what you want about the FBI guy watching me through my phone but my iphone camera just got a knuckle touch, we fam now FBI guy belieeee datI don’t have a sticker over my laptop camera because if Britney Spears taught me one thing from her pop masterpiece ‘circus’ it’s that there’s only 2 types of people in the world the ones who entertain and the ones that observe....AND I’m here to give the U.S. government A SHOWI wanna look like a snack, but I keep eating them 😭iso sugar daddy to support me and four friendsIf i say “On my way” imma need u to say ok or something for confirmation or i ain’t leaving the housemy sober brain: I'm independent, I don't need a man, I'm living my best life, being single? amazing. Iconic.
my drunk brain: *choking back tears* I just want to hold somebody's FUCKING handInternet, listen...
I’m a giver.  I give and I give.
But now I need you.
I need 200k retweets to go dance with penguins.
Please internet.
Please retweet THIS TWEET.
Please.
A man needs his ‘guins. https://t.co/YN1XRrPGhpTHIS GUY LITERALLY EMAILED EVERY CLAUDIA AT MISSOURI STATE TO FIND ME ON TINDER https://t.co/x8tQuYmj8QDude. https://t.co/23pA8Otipn"Women didn't grow up on Star Wars the way men did"
It's true. Women didn't exist until 2006 when we leapt fully grown out of the ether, flowery deodorant and a copy of Cosmo in each hand.The type of friends everyone needs. https://t.co/FQSmKeooIFPSA: I was just in a Meijers bathroom and overheard a woman crying. Her friend said “Another mean costumer?” as if it was a regular occurrence. ITS 2018 YALL BETTER STEP UP AND STOP BEING RUDE TO COSTUMER SERVICE EMPLOYEES. SHOW EMPATHY.I don’t ask for much but my man Barack Obama is out of the Oval Office and is now eligible for the NBA celebrity basketball game. Every RT is a vote we can squeeze a smooth 1M retweets out of it #NBAVote https://t.co/RbdpeOudqCi know lana del rey is like only 27 or 28 but like if someone told me that she was secretly 86 but was just a witch that sacrificed lost men to the moon every year to keep her youth, i'd like yeah that sound that makes senseLMFAO my dad is going through his bank statements and goes “what’s U-L-T-A? $275 ? Is that utilities?” And my mom goes “ yeah I payed the bills “ and he said thank you. Lmao I AM SCREAMINGtime zones are so weird like, australia is already in 2018, europe still in 2017 and the US in 1950...so weird lmaooThe Office characters if they were dogs: a threadVINNY FROM JERSEY SHORE IS HAVING TO EXPLAIN CLIMATE CHANGE TO OUR PRESIDENT. WE ARE 100% LIVING IN A SIMULATION. https://t.co/HYbqJSFjTqim too picky of an eater to be in any type of apocalypse, fuck around and die cause im not tryna eat pinto beans[assigning roles]

god: the sun shall fuel all life on earth 

sun: sounds good

god: and the moon shall make tiny waves and werewolves

moon: hell yesDamn I never realize how bad my potty mouth gets at school until I'm home for the holidays and I accidentally tell my gram to pass the fucking potatoesppl will really b like “omg i cant believe u have to work christmas eve!” while im scanning their shit like??? youre the fucking reason susan. go homenow he’s making a list and he’s checking it twice and he’s gonna find out if you’re naughty or nice. now they’re going to bed and my stomach is sick and it’s all in my headPrince Harry's kids will be Americans. What if one grows up to be president and is in line for the throne at the same time? Brits are playing long-ball here, but it's a smart move. They want America back and this is how they'll do it.Girls are so quick to tell you McDonald’s is unhealthy but so is that relationship you’re in mcstupid biotchOKAYYY this is so relevant. some of y'all act like your bitter, nasty, hateful, judgemental behaviour is trendy and "savage" but it's really just a representation of your misery. do better https://t.co/vzCfO3ceae“1 gallon of regular chocolate”

“18 minutes of flour” https://t.co/CSjljUkvQCMe: I’m not trying to get drunk tonight

Me: *blacks out*

Friends: I tHOUghT YoU WErenT TRyIng TO GEt DrUNk TOnigHt 

Me: https://t.co/9NPv8vJ3Qpthroughout the day I frequently find myself thinking, this is why I don’t have a boyfriend, no one deserves this constant comedy for freeYikes. Living out college in your sad adult life. https://t.co/pQDLJP8DREWhen the sun is down in eastern Kentucky, we end our conversations with “watch for deer”where yo boyfriend at? Is he gettin u refreshments? is he tall? is he gettin u mike-n-ikes? oh u like mike-n-ikes? is he hefty? is he coming back? where yo boyfriend? where yo boyfriend at?
oh u don't have a boyfriend! oh ok, thats cool. ya um i was wonderin, can I have yo numba?Once my skin clears up, I lose 10 pounds, shave my legs, learn how to properly do my eyeshadow, get a whole new wardrobe, comb my hair, and become mentally stable it's over for you hoesI'm done playing w this bullshit!!! Are U trynna be my fuckin shawty and fuckin build gingerbread houses together or what the fuck?One day, you’re 17 and you get up early to wear jeans and do your make up everyday for school, then suddenly, you wake up and you’re in college, going to you’re 10am in a groutfit not having washed your hair in 3 days.Hey women: retweet if you've ever been shown a penis you did not want or expect to see.Stranger Things

Stranger Things 2

Strangers and Things

2 Strange 4 Things

5 Things

The Strange and the Things: Tokyo Drift

Strangest 7i hate small talk. i wanna talk about aliens, the 16 digits on your credit card, the 3 numbers on the back, and the expiration dateSo glorious! https://t.co/FLyjIK5uq6I SAID whoever doesn’t dress up for Halloween, ya moms a hoe!!"Let's go eat"

First off, I'm broke. Second off, let's go"but you said your 5 mins away" 

First of all I didn't say where I'm 5 mins away fromyea your booty is nice but how thicc is your love for the environmenthighly recommend going outside and walking behind a hot guy in good pants for a few blocks to really clear your mindThis is Lucy. She is a skater girl, she said see ya later boy. She was way too good for him. 13/10 would kickflip into the sunset with https://t.co/gZ9toK9T0qMy my, where'd the time go??? https://t.co/GbVDvx6LyK64 year old TERRORIST opened fire on innocent concert goers in Las Vegas. Terrorist cowardly killed himself after killing more than 50****** https://t.co/BjGvXXX66BDwight, you're a kiss ass, boom roasted! Pam, you failed art school, boom roasted! Meredith, you've slept with so many guys you're starting to look like one, Oscar, you're gay, boom roasted! Angela, where's angela? I didn't see you behind that grain of rice, boom roasted!THIS IS AMAZING https://t.co/3NeYJaKTm3McDonald's called out order 369 and i yelled out "Damn she fine" and nobody laughed or danced, I hate where we're at in America right now.can yall believe KYLIE JENNER IS PREGNANT??¿¿  wild lol anyway Flint Michigan has been without water since 2014The Atlantic Ocean will defeat Florida before Kentucky doesTrue dat. https://t.co/u0aZNx63SSSpare me with your advice https://t.co/gNbFQKrjEo