https://t.co/W6xinNZ7WUJesus said, "Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest" -Matthew 11:28“When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound. Rebuild those plans and set sail once more towards the coveted goal.” (From the book -Think and Grow Rich, a must read book)Wifey isn't a girl who smokes with you and fucks you whenever. Wifey is a girl that motivates you and makes sure you aren't slipping in life.We all have those days when we don't know who we are anymore. We can find ourselves by first knowing that we are God's children.Dyslexic children are capable of great things and in the real world dyslexia can be a huge advantage https://t.co/5wZwYbbxpZ https://t.co/h46B4MVtU9Your job is not your source; God is your source. He’s not limited by your salary, by your training, by your connections. He has ways to bless you that you’ve never thought of.Four bedrooms all ensuite. Staff accommodation for two. Town house. Letting in Karen. 250k inclusive service charge.We have to stop treating hurdles like stop signs, problems are going to come but we should never park our lives there.Try and wait 24 hours before getting mad and reacting. If it doesn't bother you by then, it probably wasn't important enough to get mad over.Success is never owned, it is rented and the rent is due every day.No. We're not dating, but you're still mine.Staying quiet doesn't mean I have nothing to say, it means I don't think you're ready to hear my thoughts.Four bedrooms house on sale. Five acres 28m nanyukiSpeak positive words over your life, you will live and not die, you are above and not beneath, VICTORY is ahead for you!Dear God, I just wanted to say Thank You.Create in me a clean heart, O God, and renew a steadfast spirit within me.

- Psalm 51:10Life offers you an endless amount of possibilities. Don't settle for a crappy job, crappy friends or a crappy significant other.Focus on yourself, your life, your career, your family, your real friends &amp; most importantly your happinessIf you're struggling, that means you're progressingEvery person is unique and unrepeatable. Let us ensure the disabled are always welcomed by the communities in which they live.Never take advantage of how good someone is to youHaving a rough time? Place your hand over your heart. Feel that? You're alive for a reason. Don't give up.
#GainWithXtianDela 
#TrapaDrive 
#PurposeIgnorant people are more likely to believe they are brilliant, while intelligent people are more likely to underestimate themselvesi love seeing girls post gifts that their man got them.. stunt sis bc a lot of these other bitches are just getting dick &amp; some chinese food“When life knocks you down, try to land on your back. Because if you can look up, you can get up.” – Les BrownDon't look back - you're not going that way.Your mind has the ability to detect and sense danger… if you feel as if something’s wrong, don’t ignore that feeling.May our asses get fatter and our stomachs get flatterMoving on doesn't mean you forget about things. It just means you have to accept what happened and continue living.https://t.co/L1iF6GnmJzPineapple acts as a natural painkiller because it contains anti-inflammatory enzymes.Give thanks to the LORD, for he is good; his love endures forever. -Psalm 118:29It may be taking a long time, but if you’ll stay in faith, God will renew your strength and make a way where you don’t see a way.In life, I have made a lot mistakes and I have felt a lot of pain, but mistakes make me smarter and pain makes me stronger.“It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.” – E. E. CummingsIntelligent men and women are easily annoyed by people in general but tend to say nothing in attempt to avoid meaningless arguments.Once I'm into you I think every little thing about you is cute and I'll just sit and look at you like https://t.co/3GGvRZG6uGIt might be time for you to introduce your problems to your faith....no more worrying.A person generally hates you for 3 reasons: 1) They want to be you. 2) They hate themselves. 3) They see you as a threat.every girl has a guy that she won't stop loving, and every guy has a girl that he won't stop fighting for.Selling in Riverside. 42m Three bedrooms with one staff accommodationEverything will happen for you all of a sudden and you'll be thankful you didn't give up. Blessings are coming. Believe thatLife is Best for those who are enjoying it; and Worst for those who are criticising it. Your own Attitude defines your life.We thank God for peaceful elections. Let us continue praying for peace as we wait for the conclusion of results.God didn’t bring you this far to leave you. You have to get your joy back. If one dream dies, dream another dream.if i flip a coin what are the chances of me getting headA gentleman is simply a patient wolfTrust before you love.
Know before you judge. 
Commit before you promise. 
Forgive before you forget. 
Appreciate before you regret.Don't be afraid to do something just because you're scared of what people are going to say about you. People will judge you no matter what.Don't avoid cameras during your years in school or on vacation/holiday. You might not want to now, but you'll appreciate it later.Stop looking for reasons to be unhappy. Focus on the things you do have, and the reasons you should be happy.Loyalty is everything.If you want someones number at a party, take a picture with them and ask them to send it to you.Let us be led by the Virgin Mary on the path that leads to the holy mountain that is Christ, where God and man meet.#IfWeDate you aren't gonna be on lock down.. you can go have fun with your friends and what not. Just respect our relationship.And my God will supply all your needs according to His riches in glory in Christ Jesus. -Philippians 4:19Be on your guard; stand firm in the faith; be men of courage; be strong. -1Cor 16:13The world is going to judge you, no matter what you do. So live your life the way you want to.No one has ever made himself great by showing how small someone else is.Do not ask God to guide your footsteps if you're not willing to move your feet.Peace is a gift.
Do not be the fool that scorns it.
To seek redress for injustice, you don't multiply injustices.
Don't bleed for politics.Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to criticize others.BARCLAYS SHUTS 7 branches including Moi Avenue, Waiyaki Way, Haile Selassie Wundanyi and Meru, relocates their operations to other branches.We almost always see only what's wrong with other people and not what's wrong with us.The older you get, the less people you trust.Getting drunk is so much more fun when you have a lil boo getting drunk with you tooOnce you start loving someone, it's hard to stop..I REALLY WANNA TRY TO BE A GOOD PERSON AND HAVE GOOD KARMA BC I WANT GOOD THINGS TO HAPPEN TO ME BUT LIFE REALLY BE TESTIN ME EVERY DAYdon't call her princess if you won't treat her like oneDo not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person. -Mother TeresaIf you want to get over a problem, stop talking about it. Your mind affects your mouth, and your mouth affects your mind.Don't promise when you're happy. Don't reply when you're angry. Don't decide when you're sad.He who kneels before God can stand before anyone.Hear my prayer, God. Don't hide from my request. Pay attention to me and respond to me -Psalm 55:1-2In his passion, Jesus took upon himself all our suffering. He knows the meaning of pain, he understands and comforts us, giving us strength.all i want is a flat belly, big booty, nice legs, big lips, and healthy thick long hair/nails.. is it too much to ask for?You will turn back to me &amp; ask for help, &amp; I will answer your prayers - Jer 29:12https://t.co/C4OT1rm3j3Your word is a lamp to my feet and a light to my path. -Psalm 119:105So lets ignore each other, try to pretend the other person doesn't exist, but deep down, we both know it wasn't supposed to end like this.Love is patient
Love is kind
Love is not jealous
Love does not brag
Love is not arrogantSelling in Diani. Two bedrooms fully furnished. Shared pool. https://t.co/ILzkkzsbZrThere is no greater feeling than knowing that Jesus has got my back.Feelings that come back are feelings that never left.God's love is not restricted to when you think you've performed well. He loves you even when you make mistakes and fail.I wonder if we ever think of each other at the same timeGod will never turn anyone away that truly desires to come to him!Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you - 1 Peter 5:7Be our #iVolunteer RETWEET this, you might save someone's life ♡ Emergency HOTLINE 1199 or 0700395395 or 0738 395395 https://t.co/OO4RU4TnR9A block of 15 apartments. Selling as one. Each unit rents at Ksh. 64,500 inclusive service charge. Selling at... https://t.co/wgj6ybtRR9Realize that if you have time to whine and complain about something then you have time to do something about it. - Anthony D'AngeloRight now God is working and you will see what He's doing at just the right time. He may not be early but He won't be late!*Don't waste your time with people who don't appreciate you.*Give God your problems and allow Him to give you solutions.The only person you should strive to be better than, is the person you were yesterday.Sometimes the smallest act of love can take up the biggest space in someone's heart.Life is about breaking our personal limits and outgrowing ourselves to live our best lives.Take risks: if you win, you will be happy; if you lose, you will be wiseDon't let someone dim your light simply because it's shining in their eyes.I trust God with my Life... after all He gave it to me.The first 5 things women notice about men 1. Physical stature 2. Appearances/attractiveness 3. Smile 4. Humor 5. Confidence.It's impossible to remain angry at someone you truly love. Anger lasting for more than 3 days indicates that you're not in love.A winner was once a dreamer who never gave upAlways believe in God, because there are some questions that even Google can't answer.TWITTER is literally a great excuse to talk to your self without looking stupid.No matter how testing, trying or time consuming things are, we should all make time for holidays: https://t.co/FI53vXxumr #MondayMotivation https://t.co/jUbdQDDZFnThe more attracted you are to a person, the easier it is for them to make you laugh.When doubts start to creep in, take a moment to pray.Follow your dreams. They know the way..Stay away from people who can't take responsibility for their actions, who make you feel bad for being angry at them when they do you wrong.Sweet words can make you smile, but efforts can make you feel specialYour past is done, so forget it. Your future is yet to come, so dream it, but your present is now, so live it with no regrets!@United overbook #flight3411 and decided to force random passengers off the plane. Here's how they did it: https://t.co/QfefM8X2cW"In all this Job did not sin with his lips" (Job 2:10; cf. 1:22) read in context will radically change your understanding of suffering.Sometimes you have to stop worrying, wondering, and doubting and just have faith that things will work outTo pray is to let go and let God take over. -Phil. 4:6-7Grace is God doing for us what we could never do and what we will never deserve.If you truly love someone, don't do things that'll hurt them.There are going to be lots of hard times in your life, but those hard times only make you stronger in the endYour word is your honor. If you say you're going to do something, then you need to do it.Trust is like an eraser, it gets smaller with each mistake.Actions speak louder than words. We can apologize over and over, but if our actions don't change, the words become meaningless.You shouldn't have to beg for someone's attention, so if you ever find yourself doing that get tf out of thereMosquito repellents don't repel, they hide you. The spray blocks the mosquito's sensors so they don't know you are there.Being someone's first love is great, but being someone's last love is beyond perfect.Without dreams, we reach nothing. Without love, we feel nothing. And without God, we are nothing.Be with the people who bring out the best in you.Being sarcastic on a regular basis can add up to 3 years to your life. Sarcasm is extremely healthy for the mind.Life is all about taking risks. If you never take risks, then you'll never know what you're capable of.I fall, I rise, I make mistakes, I live, I learn, I've been hurt but I'm alive, I'm human.Sometimes you just got to be strong. It may hurt and you may shed a few tears, but everything's going to be alright.Walk away from anything that gives you bad vibes. There is no need to explain or make sense of it. It's your life do what makes you happyThe older you get, the less people you trust..Sometimes it is better to be kind than to be right. We do not always need an intelligent mind that speaks, just a patient heart that listens