Thou shalt not refuse to give thy spouse oral sex and yet expect to get it thyself.

Thou shalt do unto others as you would have them do unto you.

😛
😋
🤤'The Moon is setting. It’s like the heartbeat' https://t.co/gnLfQClHelHappy 200th Birthday Karl Marx! You believed that everyone should have a seat at the table &amp; that the greed of the rich would eventually bring us all down. You believed that everyone deserves a slice of the pie. You knew that the super wealthy were out to grab whatever they couldThe two Native American teens who got kicked off a college tour by a racist also play in a goofy (but promising!) death metal band called Snot Goblin, whose EP is up on @Bandcamp for pay-what-you-want download. Fellow metalheads, y'all know what to do. https://t.co/BZeEjkuKdf https://t.co/qRGEgFzO9MOn my timeline I see people saying Gambino’s new video #ThisIsAmerica is propaganda against the 2nd amendment.

All my favorite people get called propaganda against the 2nd amendment.

All my favorite people are being honest about the current state of America.

#StopGunViolencethis is america https://t.co/8dTR4W6csWAll this Giuliani stuff would have been wild if there were any consequences for rich people lying and breaking lawsBREAKING: Oscars organization votes to expel Bill Cosby and Roman Polanski from its membership.I know times are tough down there right now, but ever since Prince and Bowie arrived it's been great up here. Seriously, you guys are missing out. 

Which reminds Me, go see the Rolling Stones this year...Do👏not👏follow👏your👏shadow👏as👏it👏splits👏into👏seven👏wolf👏silhouettes👏and👏disappears👏into👏the👏woods👏Some days, we wake up and yearn for the good ol' days.

Your job as a sensible human being is to slap yourself, call yourself on that bullshit, and work on making the world now a better place.

And you don't do that by looking backward.I used to read superhero comics like mad. I spent decades collecting them and still have most of them in boxes in my home. I don't read many any more, and that isn't because the media failed me. It's because life changes. That's inevitable. That's not bad unless you make it so.A few years ago, I floated the idea of an A. Lee Martinez crossover event called "The Weird War of the Space Vampires". And I'll admit that it grows more intriguing to me as time passes. Emperor Mollusk, Constance Verity, Nessy, Vom the Hungering, etc. all on the same team? :)At this point it seems like it might be easier to just flood the planet again.Comedian ends comedy dinner by saying that Flint still doesn’t have clean water, an attempt to point out Washington’s continued neglect of people who need help.

Washington responds with a rigorous debate about the tone and civility of the comedian’s jokes. 

Perfect.Whatever one might think of Michelle Wolf's performance, it's clear that anyone who works for or supports Trump has no basis for complaining about vulgarity or personal insults. Your house is made of very thin glass.I attended the WHCD last night. Donald Trump has so poisoned the atmosphere by attacking the disabled, gold star parents, Muslims, Mexicans, Blacks, women, the press, the rule of law that a comedian who simply tells the truth is offensive? She’s joking. He’s not.If I take anything from Trump's entire life, it's that inner peace and true self-worth starts from within. The man is a boiling cauldron of insecurity and fear. 

It's gotta be hell to be Trump.

My sympathy is diminished slightly by the fact he might take us all down with him.4 dead at a Waffle House in Tennessee, shot by a mentally disturbed man with an AR-15. Thoughts and prayers won't change it. Voting out NRA sweethearts like Ted Cruz and Bruce Poliquin will. Outlaw these WMDs.You're a Christian Scientist? That's cool, I'm a vegan cannibal.My therapist: You need stop fixating on "Skull Cow". It's not real and it can't hurt you.

Skull Cow: https://t.co/aBfvegv4dHIf Fox News doesn’t fire Sean Hannity for not revealing his conflict of interest with Michael Cohen, the thinly veiled “news” organization will officially become state run television. God help Democracy if a huge portion of the media refuses to search for the truth.Look carefully at this picture. @POTUS seems really confused. And wasn't Vice President Pence in Peru at the time? 

Also, the air strikes last year didn't deter Assad. Why would these recent air strikes deter Assad? https://t.co/fK02ali0lGRETWEET if you demand that the @PressSec resign immediately, for blatantly lying to the American people!

Mike Pence was not in the country when this photo was allegedly taken.  I am sick and tired of the lies, deceit and trampling of our Constitution. https://t.co/cmJdaSMdWmMost of the people who attack the Bible have read it cover to cover. Most of the people who believe in the Bible have never read it all the way through.Remember, you can disappear into the woods whenever you want. You’re an adult.@GeorgeTakei When Trump said "Mission Accomplished" he meant creating a distraction from Stormy Daniels and #TrumpRussia.

Operation Desert Stormy was a yuge success.Mr. Trump: As you now profess deep concern for the women and children of Syria, demonstrate that by permitting them to enter the United States as refugees.Give me a cup of coffee, a house with a horrifying backstory &amp; a ghost to murder me.Dear Humans,

Everything is going to be ok.

Good people will rise to power.

Trump will be arrested, tried, convicted, and imprisoned.

Dictators around the world will all fall from power one by one.

Weed will become legal everywhere.

Peace shall rule on Earth.

Rejoice! 😅Live on #Periscope: Liberty City residents march on Brickell in downtown Miami to protest gun violence. WATCH: https://t.co/KgNGnem4yN https://t.co/F3b8UX1ZWa#StanLee Told How to Spell His Name During Silicon Valley Comic Con Signing #StandByStan https://t.co/U8ZfR8MKdGThis is heartbreaking. We love you, @TheRealStanLee. You are always welcome to come live with me - or please let us fans buy you a new place to live. We miss you, sir. https://t.co/egR7Ijv2piMark Twain traveled a lot and said "Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts. Broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth..."When I see a dog I say “Hello dog.” When I see a cat I say “Hello cat.” When I see a cow I say “Hello cow.” When I see a chicken I say “Hello chicken.” When I see a human I quickly avoid eye contact &amp; hope they don’t talk to me.It’s been nearly a full day, and not a single word about the six injured firefighters *or the man who died*.

A very important piece of Trump is missing. https://t.co/od2rVRWKOII wish human beings had dog tails so you knew which ones were okay to talk with because of their wagging.A man *died*. How is this an appropriate tweet? https://t.co/QIGJt7JVMwSomeone dies in Trump Tower because the building didn’t have fire sprinklers, and all Trump can do is brag about “how well built” the building is.

Trump has proven over and over again that people’s lives take a back seat to his ego.In 2015, a Louisiana man was arrested for drunkenly riding his horse on a highway. While detained, he said, "The horse knows the way home" and the sheriff concluded it didn't constitute a DUI.I’ve seen #AQuietPlace twice in one week. SEE THIS FILM! @johnkrasinski and #EmilyBlunt are my new parents. Congratulations, Ryan.After massive social media pressure from the #MAGA juggernaut, here is a running list of advertisers who have dropped @jimmykimmel:

1.
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 

Will keep updating as the names pour in.Me: “Thank you for sending love and light friend”

Moody Me: “Fuck you and your love and light bitch! Send cash”https://t.co/NMBRK4lS8eHow many of those 2,000 to 4,000 National Guard troops that @realDonaldTrump is sending to the border would better served helping our citizens in Puerto Rico?

Asking for 3.4 million friends. 🇵🇷Hey kids. I'm in my 60s. You've never lived in an America where the rich paid their fair share. I have. Let me tell you what that was like:
* We built new schools
* We built new highways
* We cut the poverty rate
* We lead the world in technology
* WE WENT TO THE FUCKING MOONWe are aware of the glitch caused by the player recognizing something standing behind their own reflection in the eyes of a loved one and we are working on a hotfix.Hey, kids--the NRA and their sweethearts are beginning to relax, beginning to tell each other that "this will blow over, like it always does." Keep turning the screws.Saudi Arabia plans to lift a 35-year ban on cinemas and according to multiple media reports, “Black Panther” will be the first movie to break the ban when it premieres in Riyadh on April 18. https://t.co/WrRIHytcZk #WakandaForeverMarrying your best friend eliminates the risk of divorce by over 70%. These marriages are more likely to last a lifetime.BREAKING: Studio Ghibli says director Isao Takahata, who co-founded the prestigious Japanese animator, has died at 82.Donald Trump was quicker to deploy the National Guard to our border because of bogus reports he saw on Fox News than he was to deploy them to aid the people of Puerto Rico after a devastating hurricane.@_mcchris @Coheed Biggest difference between MC Chris &amp; Coheed: After I graduated high school I'm still listening to MC Chris.I've said this before but it bears repeating: the earth wants us dead &amp; I respect the hell out of that.It's a damn shame today's kids would rather stare at their phones all day instead of slowly ascend the rickety stairs of an abandoned lighthouse to defeat the cove's amorphous shadow creature once and for all.Girl are you a Soviet spy because I want you to secretly plot my murder &amp; put country before love.IN THE LAST MONTH REPUBLICANS HAVE:

1. Instantly forgiven Trump for cheating on his wife with a porn star

2. Viciously attacked the teenage survivors of the shooting at Parkland Hiigh School.

I don’t want to hear Republicans use the words ‘God’ or ‘Jesus’ ever again.Intelligent men and women are easily annoyed by people in general but tend to say nothing in attempt to avoid meaningless arguments.Costa Rica’s election just finished and they rejected their version of Donald Trump in favor of sane candidate Carlos Alvarado.

Well done, #CostaRica!

Congrats, Democracy! 🎉🎈🎊 

Fuck you, Putin!

#PuraVida !Elon was found passed out against a Tesla Model 3, surrounded by "Teslaquilla" bottles, the tracks of dried tears still visible on his cheeks. 

This is not a forward-looking statement, because, obviously, what's the point?

Happy New Month! https://t.co/YcouvFz6Y1There are many chapters of bankruptcy and, as critics so rightly pointed out, Tesla has them *all*, including Chapter 14 and a half (the worst one).Tesla Goes Bankrupt
Palo Alto, California, April 1, 2018 -- Despite intense efforts to raise money, including a last-ditch mass sale of Easter Eggs, we are sad to report that Tesla has gone completely and totally bankrupt. So bankrupt, you can't believe it.@realDonaldTrump It's EASTER  can you try to spend one day not dividing the country further and - IDK spend it with your son Barron - just give us one day without your stupidity.@tennesseemomme2 @davidhogg111 #Sheeple spreading #fake or #inaccurate news is the #worldsbiggestproblem #rightnowRoseanne Barr sends a Nazi Salute to David Hogg after he revealed he's been harassed. The network made her remove it. Our outspoken students are easy targets for racists, bigots &amp; hayers. Outrageous. Barr is studying the trump/cohen playbook. Boycott her show. Boycott Barr.hi, whoever you are, i love you. are you still allowed to just love people over the internet? fuck it, i love you anywayWith Fox as state run TV and Rosanne spouting insane conspiracy theories, truth in journalism is fighting gale force headwinds. Democracy will not survive if ignorance becomes currency.Turns out that kids and moms are a lot more effective than thoughts and prayers.REMINDER!!!

you are loved
you are loved
you are loved
you are loved 
you are loved
you are loved
you are loved
you are loved 
you are loved
you are loved
you are loved
you are loved 
you are loved
you are loved
you are loved
you are loved 
you are loved
you are lovedThe heart symbol was first used to denote love in the 1250. Prior to that, it represented foliage.RETWEET if You Will be able to tell your children &amp; grandchildren that you DID NOT vote for Treasonous Trump EVER!A reminder about Trump’s budget: 

✂ Cuts Medicaid by $1.1 trillion
✂ Cuts Social Security by $72 billion
✂ Cuts Medicare by $266 billion

No one can argue that our nation is made stronger by cutting these priorities. Families and seniors would suffer. It is immoral.Let’s be very clear: advertisers are are not boycotting Laura Ingraham show because she is a conservative, but because she is a bully, meanspritited, adds nothing truthful to the political discourse and she lacks a moral compass.Hundreds of years ago, humans would go to sleep early, wake up in the middle of the night to perform tasks, then go back to a “second sleep"to hope isn’t weak. (just something i need to get tattooed on my face so i stop forgetting).If your soul doesn’t want it you can’t manifest itWhat you do at night is between you and your anxiety.Dear Lightworkers,
It’s not your job to wake people up.Irony died long ago, but this nukes the ashes and reduces it to its constituent subatomic particles. https://t.co/gmrdikW5MMtired: a woman president 

wired: a clan matriarch dragging a burning human femur over an engine block to summon rain back to the calderaThe story of Jesus is a perfect example of the journey toward salvation through honesty and courage in the face of suffering, the surrender of the ego (thy will not my will), and forgiveness. How will you bear your cross? Happy Good Friday! ;^) https://t.co/P7SCrxHQo0Men cry. They have tear ducts and lacrimal glands just like other human beings. A man crying is no different from a woman crying. It's natural. Gender roles are toxic when they don't even allow an outlet for pain. Cry, men. Cry your damn hearts out.Alyssa Alhadeff 
Scott Beigel
Martin Duque Anguiano
Nicholas Dworet
Aaron Feis
Jaime Guttenburg 
Chris Hixon
Luke Hoyer
Cara Loughran
Gina Montalto 
Joaquin Oliver 
Alaina Petty
Meadow Pallock
Helena Ramsey
Alex Schachter
Carmen Schentrup
Peter Wang

Don’t forget their namesWith @Expedia joining the #BoycottIngraham movement, here's an UPDATED list of companies that have announced they're stopping their ads on Laura Ingraham's program:

@Expedia
@Nutrish 
@TripAdvisor 
@Wayfair 

Please take a moment to thank these companies!
https://t.co/KGhrLfGz1eBREAKING:  Honda has just pulled their ads form Laura Ingraham's show on @FoxNews.

RETWEET your thanks to @Honda!If we haven't talked in years, don't say you know me. You knew me... I progessed, my mindset evolved.People don't judge you, they judge who they think you are.In Opinion,

@rgay writes: "No amount of mental gymnastics can make what Roseanne Barr has said and done in recent years palatable." https://t.co/qyF5xneY6xMurder me in the greenhouse of an old estate during a thunderstorm or don’t waste my fucking time.Ditch anxiety with nutritious foods, clean water &amp; a healthy acceptance for Satan’s plan for you on earth.Be the reason why the street light explodes when you walk beneath it.me: it hurts when I do this
doktor: the root of suffering is attachment
me: I'm not going to get any pills, am I?Just in case you were wondering...

Here is a list of all the attorneys who have either quit or refused to represent Trump:

Mark Corallo
Marc Kosowitz
John Dowd
Joseph diGenova
Robert Bennett
Victoria Toensing
Emmet Flood
Bob Giuffra
Theodore Olson
Tom Buchanan
Dan Webb.@HereIsGina to star in live-action 'Carmen Sandiego' feature for @Netflix
https://t.co/C8Ed9BtymJ https://t.co/rjRST8F1gUDear @NRA nut jobs...

If I photoshop a meme of @dloesch about to burn the constitution and then it gets a ton of retweets it means that i win the argument, right?

Like, y'all will just concede that I win the argument? Even if its a fake picture?

That's how this works? https://t.co/GLLKxMourTI feel speechless today. More meditating than usual. Above the 3rd realm, the universe is unusually but beautifully quiet.Sometimes I think about the non angel numbers. I hope they know they’re loved too.What most people think of as spirituality is so far from what it actually is. It's when your spirit is alive and you're free to express your true self. Young children are the most spiritual people on the planet.As your goth healthcare provider, I urge you to enjoy the time-honored tradition of allowing time &amp; gravity to slowly devastate your body.Remember when Bristol Palin got pregnant and Obama, who was then running for Pres, shut down all criticism of her by noting his mom was an unwed pregnant teen? 

Anyway, props to members of the right who've forgotten that and targeted a bunch of kids who were shot at in school.If you're becoming aware of hidden thought patterns that lead your decisions and influence your reality... you're winning this Mercury Retrograde. Bonus points if you can see the thought patterns in others as well.We are all bearing witness to the evolution of lynching. https://t.co/3wQqLTJdfrBREAKING: A federal court just ruled against Trump's plan to open more than 15M acres of public land/mineral rights to fossil fuel extraction

The court concluded that the government failed to take climate change into consideration when implementing this plan!!@ProudResister @CrazyCatsCari Just scrolling on Twitter in the early morning hours, when I suddenly have the urge to blind myself with hot coals. #ithrewupinmymouthThis is NOT ok.
This is NOT normal.
This is NOT photoshopped. https://t.co/aE0aOJRbkhserious moment: if i didn’t go to therapy and/or have a mentor i could talk to about the hard stuff of life then i don’t even want to know what would become of me. if you need help, don’t underestimate the power of therapy and conversation. get it all out. love to you today 🙏🏼We need a Disney princess that eats the hearts of all those who’ve wronged her.If you’re feeling depressed, reach out to someone. Not only because leaning on others will help you on the path to healing, but talking openly about depression will give others the courage to reach out as well. You are not alone. I love you..@realDonaldTrump is suing Stormy not for slander, but rather, for breaking an NDA. If she was lying, the suit would be for slander.

Therefore, her account can be considered factual. 

Furthermore, notice his silence on the matter.

#MAGA - you were conned.

#StormyDanielsDayI don’t care about the President having an affair.

I care that he broke the law to threaten her and pay her off.

And I really care about the deep hypocrisy of the Republican Party.I've done some research and I've come to the conclusion that maybe Donald Trump has a fragile and inflated ego or something. My first clue was everything he has ever done or said.If only getting an affordable licensed therapist was as easy as getting a gun.If someone earnestly smiles in the morning, that’s a demon. You’re in the presence of a demon.Reminder that a sitting @POTUS didn't take a second to mention the kids marching to save lives. Not. One. Word.

Trump wants kids to die.One day, you'll wake up and hear someone refer to something you grew up with as "Classic".

And your own cruel mortality will kick you in the face, laughing at your frail, withered flesh.The 2018 election is coming.

#MarchForOurLives https://t.co/c8dvJY265Fi told him that when i found out he wrote for 30 rock i realized black people could write tv and now i’m a screenwriter and he said he recognized me from twitter i’m astral projecting https://t.co/NqMi3cZajCOkay so we SHOULD listen to teenagers dictate policy if it’s just the one teenager https://t.co/UYsVLgUzihThere's a point where we realize everything material is always in flux and changing and there's nothing to hold onto - ever. Anything solid is an illusion. But that's when we can finally start living, experiencing and enjoying life from our unchanging, eternal Center.THINGS EVANGELICALS DON'T CARE ABOUT:
1. How many porn stars Trump bangs
2. How many children get shot
3. AnythingRT if you’ve been frustrated with your life and the worst you’ve done was get too drunk https://t.co/cH87ZIv2RNIn 2016:

70% of 18-29 year olds DID NOT vote
60% of 30-44 yearolds DID NOT vote

Only 38% of 45-64% did not vote &amp; just 15% of 65+ citizens did not vote

There is a reason America isn't progressing. It’s because the people who care about progress don’t care about voting

VOTE!!The man who said he'd run into a school unarmed to save children flew 1000 miles away on a plane to avoid them today! @realDonaldTrump  #NeverAgain #EnoughIsEnough #MarchForOurLivesThe offspring of identical twins are legally cousins but genetically siblings.@nytimes I was there today in Salt Lake City and there was maybe 5 to 600 counter protesters. I think they were overwhelmed by the number of people in the #MarchForOurLivesGroup. I did not see any kind of violence. But there were two vastly distinct crowds.If we really want to let something go, first we have to accept it. It showed up in our reality for a reason.NEVER FORGET THIS IMAGE. @GOP - 4 ur disgraceful &amp; malicious ways, We the People declare u extinct. Find new jobs. Congress Goes Blue, 2018. https://t.co/BtQAusmdeVDon’t blame Mercury Rx 🙄🙄🙄🙄 https://t.co/x32OAdeNzTThese Cosmic energies are really trying to break us free from our meager little boxes. There are so many alternatives and possibilities we haven't even considered. Expand your mind with new thinking. Let go of old limitations. Move into your life dream. Create a new world.A study found that only half of your friends would consider you their friend. People have a very poor perception of friendship ties.Actually they didn’t. In fact Okoye repeatedly said that guns were primitive. Oh and by the way, Wakanda doesn’t exist. https://t.co/jIzRFdamSRPlease stop using guns so we can finally evolve &amp; grow normal self defense mechanisms like camouflage or horns.Around 70% of Americans do not own guns. Of all the guns owned, more than half are owned by just 3% of Americans. Those 3% own about 20% of the entire worlds stockpiled firearms. So "gun culture" seems pretty niche. #MarchForOurLivesWatch the emotional Broadway mashup that Lin-Manuel Miranda and Ben Platt performed at #MarchForOurLives in Washington D.C. https://t.co/qF1f489mh9.@realDonaldTrump Remember this image, Don. The only time you'll ever see this many people turn out for you will be your Impeachment. https://t.co/YLXIiPVXkxIf you’re not moved by what these kids are doing, you’re dead inside. I’ve said it before but whenever a ship is going down, you always hear “women and children first. If ever we’re going to keep this ship of state afloat, we’re gonna have to look to the women and children.I love Twitter. Weird, angry, stupid people are my favourite. They inspire me to write stand up comedy for nice, normal, smart people. And those cunts have more money to spend.Imitation is the sincerest form of larceny. https://t.co/vJQcXxbfs9Why is Trump trying to pretend that he and the Republicans are on the side of DACA recipients? TRUMP ENDED DACA... This is the most blatant gaslighting I've ever witnessed."Bohemian Rhapsody" and "Hey Jude" were recorded using the same piano.Countless more have been injured, and these numbers don't include kids younger than 13. #MarchForOurLives https://t.co/ISoFDcGWrbHere's the thing. We all make up our minds in advance about the things we like and the things we don't and then justify those feelings retroactively. Sometimes, we get around that. But usually, first impression is only impression.The moon is like a goth parent that lets you do whatever the fuck you want under it.*sees crush kissing someone else*

me: https://t.co/53ol4NawRpI'll say this: President Wilson would veto this crap sandwich of a spending bill. 

It's larded with some of the worst garbage I've ever seen. This country needs to get back to regular budget order, and stop this crap. I'm looking at ALL OF YOU IN BOTH PARTIES.He was a religious fundamentalist, indoctrinated as a child, who carried out a bombing campaign ending in suicide bombing himself. And they still won’t call him a terrorist. https://t.co/g3lBnAa1UAFifty Shades of Decay https://t.co/aurfm22ru6People talking about how they deleted Facebook and how it cured their social media addiction though 80 tweets in last hour.It's the freakin weekend, take some time and worship two of life's most important things: Satan &amp; that ass.Watching the current president and former vice president threaten to beat each other up is a powerful reminder that women can’t be president because they’re too emotional.World peace can only be based on inner peace. If we ask what destroys our inner peace, it's not weapons and external threats, but our own inner flaws like anger. This is one of the reasons why love and compassion are important, because they strengthen us. This is a source of hopeSad to see Facebook so corrupted since its humble beginnings as a platform for judging women’s worth according to hotness.A man is going to jail in the UK for teaching his dog how to salute like a Nazi, and here in the US a Holocaust denier won the GOP nomination. Can humanity please pick a fucking lane?House Intel Republicans just voted to release their partisan report. Russian interference was successful because the beneficiary of their help has refused to condemn it. 
 
The lack of a serious investigation by the GOP is an invitation to the Russians to do it again.“He who exercises no forethought but makes light of his opponents is sure to be captured by them.” – Sun TzuThe young people will win.This is going to be the end for MANY @GOP congressmen and that's exactly why they've allowed Trump free reign. Days. Are. Numbered. https://t.co/kCZ3w4ZKpX#unhackthevote 
The plan now seems quite clear. Between Cambridge Analytica micro targeting 50 million people down to the precinct level. Bots spreading fake news. Russia targeting State Voter Registration Databases. They may have won this Election before the first vote was cast.when i was 7 your kids played with me and you pretended not to care

when i was 12 you wanted to keep your daughter away from me

when i was 14 you thought i was going to be a criminal

when i was 16 i was a suspect

now i get blown up by a package bomb and you don't careIf you commit any crime at sea, you are considered a pirate.If you liked my last cartoon you may also enjoy...

"THE WICKED WITCH OF THE WEST WING AND PUTIN’S FLYING MONKEYS“ https://t.co/slBG7j1s8dTo my House and Senate colleagues:

If the President causes a constitutional crisis by firing Mueller, no one can credibly claim that they could not see it coming. The time to speak out, to defend our system of checks and balances, is now.Men who are single, educated, and wealthy drink the most of any people group.Winnie is actually a pooh that Christopher Robin pretends is a teddy bear.Waking up always raises an age-old dilemma: whyBREAKING: Deputy and counselors recommended institutionalizing Nikolas Cruz long before deadly massacre at Florida school.Cheers to you Stephen Hawking, the greatest mental athlete of our time. You are all that is! See you around, buddy! ;^) https://t.co/LEqYnFn2rWBREAKING: Today 137 House Democrats signed a letter strongly urging President Trump follow up on the law he signed into effect last summer, imposing sanctions Russia.

My question is, "Why the hell didn't any Republicans sign this letter?"

Does law no longer matter to them?The first female self-made millionaire in America was an African-American woman.Trump could feed every homeless veteran for 2 weeks for the cost of his military parade. Instead he would rather feed his ego.I am a girl
I dont smoke, drink, or party
I dont sleep around 
I eat 5,000 ticks per season
I am immune to rabies
I am north america's only marsupial
YES, WE EXIST. https://t.co/93fW2T4wpv