VERY excited to announce that the role of my summer body will be played by my winter body !!!!!Adorable. Until you know the door was locked before he came inside. Cue horror music. https://t.co/VIvW4NWDOHThe NRA doesn’t even trust their own members with guns at a convention lol"How Writing Postcards to Strangers Keeps Me Sane in Trump's America" by long-time #PostcardsToVoters volunteer Courtney Tait.

Check out what it's all about! Text JOIN to (484) 275-2229 or email Join@TonyTheDemocrat.org

https://t.co/e3bEFiYoWzUmberto Eco: “The real hero is always a hero by mistake; he dreams of being an honest coward like everybody else.” #writingVia @AwkwardCeleb 

“Hi I'm an author in the Resistance. My novel “Clean Break” is avail at

https://t.co/UeyERfb1HGDoes this country have a safeword?What are we?
WRITERS!
What are we gonna do?
WRITE!
When are we gonna do it?
*distant sobbingRetweet this if you are so tired of Rand Paul, Jeff Flake, Bob Corker and Susan Collins trying to have it both ways: talk about doing the right thing while voting the party line. Totally disgusting.Today @JeffMerkley and I introduced the Choose Medicare Act - a universal Medicare buy in for every American and every American business.  It's a simple idea: allow Medicare to fairly compete against private insurance and let consumers decide.Would have been rejected as a plot twist by any serious writer https://t.co/iDAn8D95zZHere are the states to which Postcards to Voters volunteer writers have mailed hundreds of thousands of fun, friendly election reminders since March 2017. 

Get in on the fun by emailing Join@TonyTheDemocrat.org or by texting JOIN to 484-275-2229 https://t.co/FmiqebkmzCI know we're all numb, but this is very serious. 

This is not just a comment. It is an important economic act that is restructuring our economy. 

Trump is making clear that companies that publicly praise him can get billion dollar deals from govt agencies. 

1/ https://t.co/QZeNo57qJ1Laura Ingraham isn’t the exception at FOX News, she is the rule. 

Advertisers need to think about whether they want associate their brand with racism, bullying, and bigotry on a daily basis.We’ve been asking @facebook for the last 16 months why they continue to serve their customers’ ads to Breitbart despite clear violations of their own Community Standards. Thousands of their customers have asked to be removed after never being informed that they’d show up there. https://t.co/mNkeKDLDwaWhy is Trump trying to pretend that he and the Republicans are on the side of DACA recipients? TRUMP ENDED DACA... This is the most blatant gaslighting I've ever witnessed.if bullying caused school shootings, you would see trans shooters, queer shooters, female shooters, POC shooters.

bullying does not cause school shootings; entitlement does. and white boys are the most entitled demographic by far.it’s funny when men’s rights doofuses are all, you’ll end up surrounded by cats, feminist, checkmate cuz what’s next on a tier of threats that involves cats? a cottage next to a quiet garden with my own private gazebo? do I finally take that writing workshop?
plz tell me more